@Andrew_SelousMP
Great evening at the Dunstable and Houghton Regis Business and Community Awards tonight with brilliant winners. http://t.co/otxQGbhm9K
Very good day yesterday seeing excellent initiatives in HMP Durham and the innovative justice hub run by probation staff and peer mentors.
Great to see 71 British maths teachers going to learn from their counterparts in Shanghai and 63 Shanghai maths teachers coming to the UK.
Two thirds of the rise in employment since 2010 has been in higher skilled occupations.
Delighted to see that Marks and Spencer Simply Food has put in a planning application to come to Dunstable.
Huge crowds at Leighton Buzzard and Linslade this morning including many children at our two remembrance services. http://t.co/qtCAtud5Dr
A pleasure to meet Chief Constable Wayne Humberstone of Bedfordshire Police special constabulary whose important work helps keep us safe.
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery with housing, police, benefits and immigration issues all raised.
Very pleased to be able to speak at the HTB Prison ministry conference today and so grateful for all the work of those who were there.
Great to meet Lizzie Moffatt from Dunstable with other apprentices from Vauxhall at a House of Commons reception to promote apprenticeships.
Good to be able to talk to so many local residents on our stall in Leighton Buzzard market yesterday morning.
Pleased to see many excellent initiatives being undertaken at HMP Thameside by staff and prisoners.
Very impressed with the work being done at HMYOI Swinfen Hall on partnering with local authorities to assist care leavers in custody.
Good to see £140,000 being spent on improving Westfield Nursery School to provide extra capacity and a new family support worker.
Delighted to see1st Leighton Buzzard scouts, Billington village hall and Houghton Regis Town Council family days all winning lottery grants.
Would have entered Toby in the Parliamentary Dog of the Year competition today if I had been able to. http://t.co/rQuWsGOuB2
Very good to spend time with prison officers and prisoners in HMP Oakwood and HMP Featherstone today and impressed with many things I saw.
Pleased to see Prologis say it has "a great deal of confidence" in Dunstable due to its high quality work force and location.
Very good to see 19 special constables now based in Leighton Buzzard.
Pleased to learn that cabinets 3,33,39,47 & 66 in Leighton Buzzard and cabinets 3 & 5 in Studham are being worked on for better broadband.
Delighted that the librarian of Weatherfield Academy has been named as National Librarian of the year by the School's Library Association.
Pleased to see Bedfordshire Fire & Rescue Service awarded a further £310,000  to develop a more robust and efficient on call service.
Very concerned about Pakistani court upholding the death sentence for blasphemy against the Christian woman Asia Bibi.
Honoured to be a guest of the Leighton Linslade Royal Naval Association branch for their Trafalgar night dinner at the LB Rugby Club tonight
Proud to have voted for the European Union Referendum Bill in the Commons today to let the British people have their say on EU membership.
Very pleased to be able to listen and learn from Governing prison governors at their conference in Gloucestershire today.
Great to see 91 fewer people claiming unemployment benefit in SW Beds last month than the month before and 680 fewer over the last year.
Great to see that two thirds of the rise in employment in recent years has been in higher skilled occupations.
A pleasure to be at the PGA conference in Derbyshire today and to be able to listen to prison governors.
Very good to welcome Tony Baldry MP to Linslade last night where he spoke brilliantly about his 31 years in Parliament.
Hugely impressed with the prize winners and with the teachers, staff and parents who have supported them so well at All Saints Academy.
Great to visit Priory Academy in Dunstable and see the after school clubs with Mrs Smith and meet many of the excellent teachers.
Went out with the 7.00 am shift from Leighton Buzzard ambulance station and thanks to Jeff, Tom and Carl for talking me through all they do.
So pleased to meet ambulance crews at Bassett Road  with one of the two ambulances now stationed in Leighton Buzzard. http://t.co/RmQsXikn2l
Many new members at our event today with a good number from the social sector and public servants like me, join us on http://t.co/iRYypUHR5h
Good to talk to Leighton Buzzard and Linslade residents on our market stall this morning.
Appalled that the evil barbarism of ISIL has murdered such a good, kind, selfless man as Alan Henning.
Busy Dunstable surgery with housing, compensation, work capability assessment and gypsy and traveller issues all featuring.
Delighted to learn that the Quadrant has been sold and very much hoping the new owners will make improvements.
Much enjoyed being with so many fantastic Dunstable and Houghton Regis businesses at HQ Sports Bar next to the Grove Theatre this morning.
Pleased to see there are 1,000 more GPs now than in 2010.
Evaluation finds Central Beds Council effective in getting people into jobs through work clubs, business start ups & mental health support.
Pleased to learn that the Luton and Dunstable hospital is to undertake a £150 million redevelopment on its existing site.
Fantastic news that development consent given for the Woodside link road.
Finished surgery postponed due to the recall of Parliament where I believe we took a step to keep the UK safe and prevent further slaughter.
Good to be able to support the Macmillan coffee morning in the Commons today as could not get to any in SW Beds. http://t.co/9oQS0y0U4A
Just wondering why all of the Dunstable Gazette's Tweets of the Week are all about Luton and not Dunstable this week ?
Good to see 79 families with disabled children in South West Bedfordshire helped with £37,151 of grants last year from the Family Fund.
Fantastic news that Leighton Buzzard has its first permanently based ambulance in more than a decade.
Very impressed by the work of prison officers and instructors at HMP Cookham Wood and at Medway Secure Training Centre.
Challney Lifeguards save lives in South West Bedfordshire swimming pools. They can win money from Lloyds Bank if you text VOTE LDY to 61119
The people of Scotland have spoken for the Union - and now the millions of voices of England  must also be heard.
Very honoured to be asked to open the offices of C&C Training Ltd in Grovebury Road, another fast growing, job creating local business.
Very pleased to be back in Vandyke today to see the new classrooms and talk to students. http://t.co/YjUonT9cim
Great visit to Linslade School today and thank you to Molly and Ben for showing me around with such enthusiasm. http://t.co/JJZQm2Y6Gj
Concerned about the jobs of Phones 4U staff in the Quadrant store, please contact me if I can help in any way.
Very impressed again with all that the Leighton Buzzard Parkinson's Society do for their members on my visit to St George's Court today.
Appalled that around 6 people have been abused as modern slaves near Leighton Buzzard and grateful to Bedfordshire Police for freeing them.
Outraged by the brutal murder of David Haines who went to Syria to relieve suffering and poverty, God rest his soul.
So pleased to open the extension to Pulford's school, more places for children at an outstanding school and more satisfied parents.
Delighted to see our plans to put education at the heart of youth custody taking shape at the site of the Secure College near Leicester.
So good to see diggers at last, working on the A5-M1 link road which will benefit Dunstable, Houghton Regis and LB. http://t.co/XqG3MjU9gZ
Impressed by the enthusiasm and innovation shown by the probation staff at the BeNCH community rehabilitation company I met this week.
Very impressed with HMP Onley this week and the good work being done by the staff. The Halfords Academy was inspirational.
Interesting to see from a FOI that there were 1,041 offences for using a mobile phone while driving in Bedfordshire in the year to 30/6/14.
Good to see the UK has the fastest growing employment rate in the G7, a record number of students going to university and growth of 3.2 %.
Very pleased to meet so many dedicated staff at the National Offender Management Service, the NPS and the CRC in Wales today.
Excellent visit to Parc prison in Bridgend    today where I saw great work being done by staff.
Very pleased to be at the launch of Leighton Linslade Helping Hands at the Library yesterday, a great scheme for our town.
With Jon d'Este-Hoare at Leighton Buzzard Brewing Co, excellent beer, and first brewery in the town for a 100 years. http://t.co/682L1cYpAz
How tragic to see the loss of life in Gaza after the candle lit memory of the centenary of the outbreak of WW1 which we have just observed.
The Foreign Secretary is right to condemn the intolerable suffering in Gaza. Let's not forget those suffering in Mosul under ISIS either.
Delighted to learn that Houghton Regis swimming pool reopens this Saturday.
Busy Houghton Regis surgery with housing, planning, immigration, and driving licence issues all raised.
A real pleasure to be at the opening of Harefest 2 at the The Hare in Linslade in aid of PTSD Resolution and Basic, two veteran charities.
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery with housing, anti social behaviour, drug treatment and school place allocation all raised.
Great to be with the Buzzards 50 plus Sports and Social club members at Tiddenfoot this morning for their AGM, they are a wonderful club.
Very honoured to be made a Parliamentary under Secretary at the Department of Justice.
Health minister Jane Ellison commends the work of Colin Kaye from Leighton Buzzard in providing good quality low cost/free food on his farm.
Pleased to see the heritage lottery fund granting £43,000 to Priory House and £49,000 to a project on Dunstable's medieval history.
Pleased to see that Central Bedfordshire's roads have been rated the best in our region and among the best in the country.
Great meeting with the inspirational Jason Royce of the Romance Academy which helps young people develop healthy relationships.
Have signed the book of remembrance for the 8,000 Bosnian  men and boys who were murdered over two days in Srebrenica in 1995 - never again.
Fantastic news to see another 250 jobs being created at the Luton van factory to make the excellent Vivaro, more security for more families.
The Tour de France going by my office window ! http://t.co/9THBDlgMKQ
The funding for the Woodside Link road in Houghton Regis announced today is excellent and will relieve congestion and bring more local jobs
Brilliant news that Leighton Buzzard is getting £2.5 million for a new engineering and construction skills centre on the Vinci site.
With Dunstable's new Town Crier on Independents' Day to support all our brilliant independent shops in the town. http://t.co/dF4ilWU6lm
Very encouraging visit from DEFRA minister Lord de Mauley to Leighton Buzzard this morning to see the bee friendly wildflower planting.
Pleased to back the electrical Registered Competent Person mark from Houghton Regis based Ascertiva Group. http://t.co/Nu2LjrwT6t
Good news that ISA limits have gone up to £15,000 and Child Trust Fund and Junior ISA limits up to £4,000.
Fantastic news that BBC 3 Counties Radio are moving next to the Grove theatre in the heart of Dunstable, a very warm welcome to you all !
Excellent meeting with brilliant charity Explore which equips young people to achieve healthy lasting committed relationships and marriages.
Very impressed to see that Central Bedfordshire has the third highest number of Help to Buy purchases of any local authority in the country.
Brilliant to see the creativity and dynamism of Bedfordshire's small businesses at the annual awards with the Federation of Small Businesses
Very impressed with Ian Pryce CBE the new Principal of Central Bedfordshire College University Technical College at my first meeting.
Very impressed with the achievements of Central Bedfordshire College students at their awards ceremony at Incuba and those of their tutors.
Pleased to see the success Bedfordshire Police are having in cracking down on dangerous nuisance motorists in Foster Avenue, Houghton Regis.
Next year the UK has the lowest corporation tax in the G20, helping businesses to create even more jobs in the UK.
Metro bank was the first new bank for 100 years, now 25 new banks are seeking licences, more competition means a better deal for customers.
Good news that youth unemployment has fallen by 100,000 over the last year.
CB Council altering bus turning circle and installing pedestrian crossing front of LB station. Work to begin in early July say Network Rail.
Wed 25 June 11 to 3 pm East of Eng Ambulance Trust recruiting 400 student paramedics at Luton Carnival Arts Centre 3 St Mary's Road, LU1 3JA
Very pleased to see that Central Bedfordshire has been given an extra £592,075 to mend potholes.
Very grateful to Stephen Bennett and other volunteers who support the Ambulance Trust as community first responders in Leighton Linslade.
Very good to meet the William Wilberforce Trust team today to see their great work on addiction and debt recovery, and ex offender support.
Very pleased to support Prostate Cancer UK's campaign to eradicate prostate cancer, in Parliament today. http://t.co/2mP8sYPgGL
Good to support the Lawn Tennis Association's campaign to get more people to try tennis for free. http://t.co/I4W6LFI8yW
Absolutely delighted to see Queensbury Academy get a Good rating from Ofsted. A tremendous achievement by all staff and students.
Three quarters of the 2 million new jobs created are full time and exclusivity clauses on zero hours contracts now banned by this Govt.
Over the last year over three quarters of jobs went to UK nationals unlike  the last Government when the majority went to foreign nationals.
Shocking that domestic violence rose 30% during the last World Cup, we need to be vigilant that this does not happen again.
94 fewer JSA claimants in SW Bedfordshire over the last month as nationally 2 million jobs have now been created under this Government.
Great to see manufacturing output up 4.4% over the last year. More output means more jobs and the security of a pay packet for more families
Good news that the Government has saved £14.3 billion from selling unused buildings and better value contracts over the last year.
Good to see so many people supporting the Army Benevolent Fund with the Gurkha band in Kensworth last night. http://t.co/S16B7ms3la
Very grateful for the work of Leighton Buzzard street pastors who I went out with last night, friendly, calm reassurance appreciated by all.
Diesel 7p a litre cheaper on the A5 south of Dunstable at Flamstead than in Leighton Buzzard.
Full Leighton Buzzard surgery with supported accommodation for people with mental health, housing, planning control & traffic orders raised.
Very good to spend an hour with bright and interested Government and Politics students at Cedars Upper School this morning.
Fascinated to learn about the role of the Central Forecast Office in Dunstable in delaying D day by 24 hours at Weatherfield Academy today.
I hope that the victims of slavery and Bedfordshire Police benefit from the £230,000 fine imposed on the Connors family yesterday.
Delighted that the preliminary works on the A5-M1 link have started today heralding a bright future for south  Bedfordshire.
I'm voting for the @Conservatives today - to help secure real change in Europe and a better future for Britain. http://t.co/Ht6SgbwPou
Delighted to see that work is about to start on reopening Houghton Regis swimming pool.
Very moved by Dunstable and District Disabled Sports volunteers for over 100 people and found just how exhausting wheelchair football is !
Very impressed with the Vinci technology centre testing facilities and Crossrail design centre in Leighton Buzzard this morning.
Passport problems, autism provision, solicitors' conduct, driving & medication, and divorce  issues raised at Houghton Regis surgery today.
Appalled at Sudan's death penalty and 100 lashes sentence of a pregnant woman wanting to practice her Christian faith.
Busy Dunstable surgery yesterday with housing, adult social care, school attendance and criminal damage issues all raised.
Pleased to be able to show Vicky Ford MEP,  BE Aerospace in Leighton Buzzard, now employing 540 people, British engineering at its best.
Good to be with the Leighton Linslade cancer support group at their AGM yesterday and thank you for all the excellent support you provide.
Hugely impressed today with the work of Into the Light Leighton Buzzard and their Feeding His People work in the UK and internationally.
Great to see 63 fewer people on JSA in SW Beds in April compared with March and 843 fewer than April 2013, more security for more families.
About to raise an important South West Bedfordshire issue at Prime Minister's Questions shortly.
Met a Studham constituent with fibromyalgia in the Commons today to learn more about what can be done to help people with this condition.
A pleasure to welcome dedicated nurse Frank Garvey from Dunstable to the House of Commons on Nurses' Day. http://t.co/tgyV3NZSIx
Housing, family breakdown and health issues raised at my Leighton Buzzard surgery this afternoon.
Network Rail have said works to mend potholes in front of Leighton Buzzard station start in 4 weeks.
Gender pay gap virtually eliminated for workers under 40 under this Government.
Well done to the Leighton Buzzard May Fayre organisers for a superb day yesterday and good to have the Chief Constable and Bishop with us.
Diesel is available for 6p a litre cheaper than in Leighton Buzzard at the petrol station on the A5 just before junction 9 - why pay more ?
The potholes at Leighton Buzzard station are a disgrace. Network Rail we need a date for the work to start very soon !
Pleased to be at Leighton Buzzard station this morning to learn about the investment in new track and signalling to reduce train delays.
April azaleas near the Commons http://t.co/0tkktyspvP
Pleased to attend the Commons debate on fairer schools funding to support the extra money for Central Bedfordshire schools.
Delighted to see 350 work places in South West Bedfordshire now employ apprentices, up from 250 in 2010. If your workplace doesn't why not ?
Great to be able to welcome volunteers for the brilliant national children's charity Kids Out to the Speaker's state apartments this evening
Blue bell woods in south Bedfordshire http://t.co/0LlavP5wH1
Had a wonderful afternoon seeing the Salvation Army's work on the canals in Leighton Buzzard and their debt advice work in Dunstable.
Busy Houghton Regis surgery today with school, antisocial behaviour, immigration and benefits issues raised.
Delighted to answer questions from Brewers Hill pupils in Dunstable today.
Good to visit growing Leighton Buzzard business Polarspeed today to learn of their plans for continued expansion. http://t.co/zc1GBI0iML
Met with Angela Foll to learn about the excellent work Relate do in Bedfordshire to strengthen family life. http://t.co/SeljBkNoXw
Delighted to see the biggest annual increase in employment for a generation, an extra 691,000 people with the dignity of a pay packet.
A pleasure to go to the Chalgrave Parish Assembly last night to see the parish council looking after Tebworth & Wingfield residents so well.
Delighted that 90% of the rise in employment over the last year went to UK nationals.
Pleased that there are a lower proportion of workless households than at any time on record, down 450,000 since 2010.
Pleased to see that 27 additional new ambulances have been ordered by the East of England Ambulance Trust.
Pleased to see new careers guidance will involve more employers going into schools and colleges.
Pleased to see additional content is being added to science GCSEs in the human genome, space physics, life cycle analysis & nano particles.
Pleased to see that waiting times are lower at 18, 26 and 52 weeks than at any time under the last Government.
Good to see there are now 1,700 more nurses and 7,000 more doctors under this Government.
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery yesterday with health, policing, passport issues and divorce raised with me.
Delighted to be at the formal opening of the Incuba centre  in Dunstable and looking forward to seeing many new businesses flourish from it.
Great to be at the Priory View ground breaking in Dunstable, another step forward for the town. http://t.co/xb8aWQhQGu
Still waiting for the new location of Leighton Buzzard police station, but pleased to see Dunstable police station will be fully used again.
Delighted to see £21,140 charitable grant to the Full House Theatre Company for their Houghton Regis community arts hub project.
Pleased to see that 42,799 people in South West Bedfordshire have benefitted from increasing the personal allowance to £10,000.
Pleased to see that 4,692 people in South West Bedfordshire have been taken out of tax by increasing the personal allowance to £10,000.
Cutting corporation tax to 21% has given the UK the lowest rate in the G7, an important reason why 10,000 new jobs were created today.
1.25 million employers will get a £2,000 cut in employers' national insurance from Sunday.
The increase in the personal allowance to £10,000 means that people are keeping £700 more of their earnings.
Pleased that fuel duty was frozen again. Petrol now 20p a litre less than it would have been under the last Government.
Delighted to see 870 apprenticeship starts in South West Bedfordshire last year, a great way to gain the skills that lead to well paid work.
Delighted that small high street shops, cafés and pubs are now getting £1,000 off their business rates bills.
£11 billion of tax cuts for businesses, including cuts to business rates and NI come in this week to help investment and create jobs.
Pleased to learn of the £15,956 grant to the My Healthy Lifestyle project  on Tithe Farm and Parkside to promote healthy eating & exercise.
NHS, antisocial behaviour, housing, police and disability benefit issues all raised in my Leighton Buzzard surgery.
Great to be able to support Sharon O'Neill's Multiple Sclerosis open house cake bake in Leighton Buzzard this afternoon.
Great news that Siemens are bringing another 1,000 jobs to the UK to make offshore wind turbines, a 1,000 more pay packets every month.
Delighted to see the Dunstable skate park getting closer to being built.
New life ! http://t.co/D0a4RGC8Vd
Surprised that Labour think pensioners can not manage their money when Labour did not exactly manage the public finances brilliantly !
Great news that Hitachi are to base their global rail operations in the UK with many more high quality jobs created.
Great to see £2,000 per year per child additional help for child care costs to help parents balance home and work responsibilities.
Delighted to support http://t.co/imL1cbYRok @mums-dads to help parents look after their children together.
Pleased to learn that 3.2 million people now automatically enrolled into a work place pension.
Pleased to see that there have now been 1.6 million apprenticeship starts so far under this Government.
Good to learn that manufacturing industry has grown by 3.3% over the last year giving the security of a pay packet to more families.
Thanks to Friends of the Earth, Leighton Linslade TC and Central Beds Council for good work in making Leighton Buzzard a bee friendly town.
Pleased to visit Vocalink in Dunstable today to see the significant new investment, a real vote of confidence in our town.
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery today with family breakdown cases predominating, alongside mental health and highways issues.
Very pleased this week  to see the fastest rate of manufacturing job creation for the last 33 months.
Spring is coming ! http://t.co/3TBMyIXlF6
Speaking at St Mary's social centre in West Street Dunstable LU6 1NY at 7.30 pm on strengthening marriage and family life, do come along.
Thank you to the Dunstable  Foodbank volunteers I was with this afternoon and the people who so generously give food.
Met London Midland who confirm that first of 10 additional 4 car units arrives this April with all in place by Sept, an extra 4000 seats.
Pleased that there are now 750,000 fewer people claiming the main out of work benefits as a result of 1.3 million more people in work.
Good to learn that there are 150,000 fewer people who are unemployed now than in the last year of the last Government.
Delighted to see an extra £3.18 million come to Central Beds, Bedford, MK and Luton to extend super fast broadband to even more people.
Pleased that 1800 net new jobs were created in Central Bedfordshire in 2012 and that we are on track to produce 27,000 net new jobs by 2031.
Delighted to learn of the further rollout of Universal Credit taking place today which is making work pay for more and more claimants.
@AndrewCursons Broadcasting the BBC world service and providing food aid, both of which are possible would be a start.
Very pleased to see the hard hitting report from the United Nations on the disgraceful human rights situation in North Korea.
Thank you to Luton and Dunstable hospital radio for allowing to do my desert island discs, I hope listeners like my choice of music !
So pleased to see Leighton Linslade Homeless Service in their new home in the middle of Leighton Buzzard. Thank you for all you do.
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery with family matters, CSA cases, planning and employment issues predominating.
Delighted to see the Girl Guides ending their discrimination against girls who believe in God by allowing mention of God in  their pledge.
The Bank of England's 3.4% growth forecast for this year should mean more people bringing a pay packet home to their families.
Pleased to see British Chambers of Commerce report the highest level of confidence among exporters since 1997 - good for job creation.
Good to learn that there will be 27 more ambulances in the East of England by the end of March along with more student paramedics.
Good to see business optimism at its highest for 22 years. This will mean more families will have the security of a pay packet to rely on.
Attended a commissioning service for Dunstable street pastors who do such good work to protect the community and help the police.
Delighted to support the British Heart Foundation and their shops in Leighton Buzzard and Dunstable. http://t.co/bZYbZ27Nxv
Three quarters of the rise in employment since the General Election is full time.
Female employment is at a record high.
There have been over 1.5 million apprenticeship starts since the General Election.
Youth unemployment is now lower than at the General Election.
250,000 less children in failing secondary schools under this Government.
Over 90% of the rise in employment over the last year has gone to UK nationals.
274,000 fewer children now living in workless households under this Government.
55 fewer JSA claimants in SW Beds in December and 915 fewer since March and SW Beds has improved faster than other constituencies.
Met Mark Sutcliffe MBE & Jo Stuart of Families United Network who do such fantastic work locally with disabled children and their families.
The Conservatives are fixing Labour's mess and securing Britain's future #LongTermEconomicPlan https://t.co/CZM0dcwdOw
Between  2010 and 2013 the number of British people in jobs rose by 538,000 & the number of foreigners in jobs increased by 247,000 (2 of2)
Between 2005 and 2010, 413,000 fewer British people had jobs, while the number of foreigners in work increased by 736,000. (1 of 2)
Signing the Holocaust Memorial Book of Commitment in the House of Commons yesterday. http://t.co/eYdsUZTfzr
Pleased to learn that people can open a Post Office bank account in Leighton Buzzard Post Office from 20-1-14, seven day switching available
Extra police funding worth £2 million this year and £6 million next year.
Delighted to see Bedfordshire Police receive more money this year and next year from the Home Office's Police Innovation Fund.
Good to see inflation fall to 2%.
Met with the Chief Constable yesterday to ask that more police officers be based in Leighton Buzzard, Dunstable and Houghton Regis.
I'm backing the Conservatives' long-term economic plan to secure a better future for Britain. https://t.co/PZl3K4rmBo
Pleased to learn from the Halifax that the number of first time buyers increased by a fifth in 2013.
Delighted to see further increases in the discounts available for council tenants who want to buy their homes.
Well done Barclays Dunstable staff on being such good sports to help local charities and new businesses. http://t.co/K2X6Bxl4uW
Delighted to see 1.6 million new private sector jobs now created since the election with 30 million in work. http://t.co/FGb46EiwHZ
Pleased to see £3,495,000 pupil premium funding being allocated to South West Bedfordshire schools for 2014/15 to help disadvantaged pupils.
Pleased to see a New Homes Bonus 2014/15 provisional allocation for Central Bedfordshire of £6,947,412 to help provide our infrastructure.
Delighted to see the number of South West Bedfordshire apprenticeships has nearly doubled since 2009/10 from 440 to 850 in 2012/13.
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery this morning with petrol/diesel prices, electric cars, hospital parking, CSA and health issues all raised.
Very good to meet with Leighton Buzzard postmen and women at 7.30 am this morning and many thanks for the excellent service all year.
Delighted that 7,000 Central Bedfordshire businesses are to have lower business rates.
The UK growth rate is now the second highest of any major western economy.
The £10,000 personal tax allowance means that people will be £705 better off next year.
480,000 fewer people are now on out of work benefits under this Government.
Delighted to see Glaxo Smith Kline investing a further £200 million in two UK manufacturing sites.
Delighted to be with the 23 others who slept out on Friday to raise money for Leighton Linslade Homeless Service
Have spoken in Commons debates on the persecution of Christians and on modern-day slavery this week. See http://t.co/x2fQhkLdRR for details.
Good to meet Gordon Moulds of the great national children's charity KidsOut headquartered in Leighton Buzzard, which does so much good work.
I'm backing David Cameron and the Conservatives' #LongTermPlan to secure the economy for the future https://t.co/fqlAdx7CPS
I'm backing David Cameron and the Conservatives' long-term plan to fix the economy and help hardworking people https://t.co/JFMTjOk9Y9
79% of jobs created by this Government have gone to UK citizens the Immigration minister tells the House of Commons.
The UK has only 2.4% of the Canadian export market says Ian Livingston our new trade minister, a challenge and opportunity for our exporters
The UK has a 1% share of the Chinese export market. If we increased that to 2% we would cut our trade deficit by a quarter.
I am voting  for the European Union Referendum Bill to give the people their say on Europe and being opposed by Labour and the Lib Dems.
Congratulations to Kevin Collins on being elected to Central Bedfordshire Council for Kensworth, Studham, Whipsnade, Caddington
The unemployment claimant count in South West Bedfordshire has now fallen by over a third, 730 people, under this Government.
Voting for the European Referendum Bill in the House of Commons today to let the public have their say on our membership of the EU.
The South West Bedfordshire unemployed claimant count has fallen by 637 over the last year and 170 in the last month down to 2.7%.
Particularly pleasing to see 50,000 more young people in work and 19,000 fewer long term unemployed over the last three months.
The Priory Church and Priory House in Dunstable before the Remembrance Sunday service. http://t.co/LrqkRovSyp
Huge crowds including many young people at the Dunstable Act of Remembrance and in the Priory Church yesterday.
Will be strongly supporting the EU Referendum Bill to let people have their say on the EU. http://t.co/oonPz9GtGy
Very welcome to see the best services sector economic performance since 1997.
Delighted that Help to Buy scheme has had 15,000 reservations in the first six months helping people realise their dreams of home ownership.
Great news that there are 429,000 fewer people out of work than a year ago.
Very welcome news that the CBI predicts economic growth of 1.4% this year, 2.4%, next year and 2.6% for 2015.
Delighted that postal workers are not going to strike.
With Pam Haigh from Leighton Buzzard in the Commons to celebrate her work for Kids Out. http://t.co/gc4WJ3tNUI
Pensions Minister says "this is the week we finally tackle excessive pensions charges".
Delighted to learn Pensions Minister proposes 0.75% maximum pensions charge for auto enrolled pensions, closed schemes and legacy schemes.
Great to hear of another 75 jobs to be created at Honeytop next year in their new bakery in addition to the 200 full time jobs available now
I hope everyone who should have a flu jab will have one. http://t.co/5inZKjMYyU http://t.co/xVsoxOw8Gs
Pleased to be able to have House of Commons debate on how to help businesses raise share capital to start up and grow and boost the economy.
Hugely impressed by the work of Into the Light church in Leighton Buzzard in feeding so many needy people in the UK and overseas.
Good to be with Leighton Linslade Womens' Voices today in Delta House, Hockliffe Street.
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery with housing, disability, immigration and anti social behaviour issues raised.
Brilliant to see record numbers of pupils taking A level sciences.
Glad to see the 20% increase of pupils studying languages.
Great to see help for people wanting to get on the housing ladder. http://t.co/ikqKzk3VRw
Pleased to speak in favour of the Immigration Bill in the House of Commons today which will deal more effectively with illegal immigration.
Good to see Prologis say of Dunstable "We have a great deal of confidence in the town ... and are attracted by its high quality workforce."
Honeytop Specialty Foods are investing another £22 million on Woodside in Dunstable to create the fastest burger bun plant in Europe.
MRSA and C difficile infections are now at an all time low.
Mixed sex accommodation now down by 98%.
34,000 patients accessing the Cancer Drugs Fund with its £400 million budget.
Lowest ever number of patients waiting 18, 26, and 52 weeks.
Excellent to see 1,400 more midwives.
Good to see 4,000 more doctors and 800 more hospital nurses in the NHS.
Great to see £12.7 billion increase in the NHS budget delivering 800,000 more operations.
Just spoken in Commons debate on the need to focus on the health of couple relationships in Improving Access to Psychological Therapies.
Learnt that British hotels group Intercontintental Hotels opens a new hotel every 39 hours, a great example of a growing British business.
Bedfordshire Family Trust launch new website to strengthen couple relationships and reduce divorce/separation - see http://t.co/tuewWIWQIy
Just learnt of a further £22 million pounds of investment going into the Woodside Industrial estate in Dunstable at Honeytop Specialty Foods
A strong welcome for the new Immigration Bill with its powerful tools to deal with illegal migrants.
Attended Studham Parish Council surgery this morning about policing and planning issues.
Wonderful to welcome my good friend Mark Prisk MP the former housing minister to speak in Linslade.
Busy Dunstable surgery with anti social behaviour, employment, and sheltered housing TV licences among the issues raised.
Proud to support Gary Streeter for Deputy Speaker.
Help to buy will help people to afford a deposit. New mortgages launched today , see http://t.co/ikqKzk3VRw
Great news that British manufacturers reporting some of the strongest growth on record, beating every quarter since 1989.
Delighted to be at launch of Relationships Alliance report on the importance of strong couple relationships to public health.
American Akita dog in Dunstable market on Saturday morning, a gentle giant said his owner. http://t.co/u9gt5hwltg
Honoured to be reselected to fight South West Bedfordshire for the Conservatives.
DVLA, the Passport Office, Housing Association service charges and anti social behaviour all issues raised in my Houghton Regis surgery.
Impressed with the energy and ideas of the businesses I met at the Networking breakfast at the Old Palace Lodge in Dunstable.
Proud to stand along side International Justice Mission and Hope for Justice in their fight against slavery. http://t.co/q4D7u1P5Y1
Very useful meeting with Leighton Buzzard GPs today followed by a visit to  Buckingham Community Hospital.
With fantastic Dunstable business Rage Motorsport today. http://t.co/PHrFekNfvM
Delighted that a married tax allowance is being reintroduced, an important signal about the importance of marriage to a strong society.
Another busy Leighton Buzzard surgery today with benefits, housing, HMRC, employment, and higher education all raised .
Thanks to Barclays staff in Leighton Buzzard for running another great Macmillan coffee morning today.
Good to be with Dunstable Downs Rotary Club members in Tilsworth last night.
Met with Chief Inspector Tania Coulson of Bedfordshire Police, congratulations to the Op. Meteor officers on dealing with nuisance bikers.
Diesel also 6p a litre more in Dunstable than in Flamstead.
Still wondering why diesel in Leighton Buzzard is 7p a litre more than in Flamstead.
Very impressed with the cadets and instructors of Training Ship Ocean, Naval Cadet Corps who I met in Linslade this evening.
Strongly agree with Jim Wallis that for the common good a critical mass of healthy marriages is needed to keep a society from real trouble.
http://t.co/N4Qnx0KGlM
http://t.co/2i7mVIXd7y
http://t.co/Urr8Aad6WU
http://t.co/p8iqqCb0xW
http://t.co/IKa9YeOPhN
Just visited Honeytop Specialty Foods in Dunstable who are looking for another 200 full time staff to bring their workforce up to 1100.
On my way to the LB Connect 2013 Business Fair at Cedars school in Linslade to support our brilliant businesses in the town.
Planning, police, housing, environmental, legal and educational issues all raised this afternoon at my Leighton Buzzard surgery.
Very good to meet with the Leighton Buzzard and Dunstable street pastors coordinators in Delta House today, they do such good work.
Highly impressed with the funds raised for the Leighton Buzzard Parkinson's Society at their meeting in St George's Court today.
Delighted to join the St Augustine's Pensioners lunch club in Dunstable today.
Encouraging that the fall in unemployment comes from 350,000 more full time jobs and 74,000 less part time jobs.
Delighted to see another 550 jobs could be coming to Dunstable on ProLogis's Boscombe Road site.
Very good short video on Leighton Buzzard and Linslade on http://t.co/PYqFixcUNF  following the one made on Dunstable.
83 fewer unemployed claimants in SW Bedfordshire in August than in July, lower than at the general election and lowest this Parliament.
Chancellor tells the Commons that inequality in the UK is at its lowest level since 1986.
UK has fastest rate of job creation in the G7 the Commons told at Treasury Questions.
Fantastic news that Jaguar Land Rover are creating another 1700 jobs in the UK on the back of a 17% increase in sales last year.
Pleased to see that Leighton Buzzard and Linslade are to have an Extra Care scheme similar to the one proposed for Dunstable.
Busy Houghton Regis surgery yesterday in the Town Council offices.
Congratulations to Tony Abbott the new Australian Prime Minister.
Great that Nissan is creating another 1000 jobs in the UK.
At  meeting with East of England Ambulance service. They have taken on 66 extra paramedics and want 450 extra in total.  Could you apply ?
Wondering why Tesco Leighton Buzzard diesel was 142p last week while Sainsbury's Dunstable was 138p - not first time Leighton prices higher.
Pleased to learn of the reduction in workless households and the OBR's observation of lower than budgeted JSA costs as unemployment falls.
Delighted to be able to visit successful local fruit juice business David Berryman Ltd in Kensworth last Friday.
Very impressed with the good work of PTSD Resolution with veterans following my meeting at the Hare in Linslade with Jim Woolley and others.
Very pleased to be able to meet Swiss Cottage nursing home residents, family members and staff last Friday.
Thanks to all who staffed my busy Dunstable surgery last week where constituents raised a wide variety of issues.
Thank you to BBC 3 Counties Radio for letting me explain why my Education Information Sharing Bill will help students, parents and teachers.
Strongly support the Chief Rabbi about the importance of strengthening marriage across society, not least to reduce child poverty.
Pleased to see Cedars school getting a £746 youth goalposts grant from the Football Foundation @FootballFoundtn
Visit to Greenacre reablement centre in Dunstable today which enables so many older people to go on living independently at home.
Visit to Houghton Regis Leisure Centre today which faced closure and is now refurbished with membership rising from 32 to over 1800 !
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery today with wide range of issues needing to be addressed.
13% increase in new car sales is good news for the economy and for Bedfordshire car component manufacturers like Gti Corporation.
Strong rate of growth in services sector (3/4 of the economy) in July as the second best monthly performance on record is excellent news.
Very good to see Leighton Road surgery opening additional premises in Grovebury Road and looking to see more services provided in the town.
Excellent to see Central Beds College providing training that guarantees an interview with local firms, with Central Beds Council and JCPlus
Strongly support the Skills Minister's call for firms to hire as many local workers as possible to reduce unemployment further.
Starting my Houghton Regis surgery in the Town Council offices.
£9 million of funding going to Central Bedfordshire College to modernise and update its facilities as part of a £15.3 million project.
Investment by Bentley in a new model in the UK should be good news for their component manufacturers like Gti Corporation in Houghton Regis.
Village surgery day underway, see http://t.co/NN02DbfLVJ for details, good to see so many people in Sewell.
Brilliant news that exports are at their highest since the recession according to the British Chambers of Commrce.
Wonderful news about the birth of Kate and William's son.
Pleased to hear from the Environment Agency this afternoon that Leighton Buzzard flood defence plans are progressing.
Positive meeting with Bedfordshire Police in Leighton Buzzard this morning. Congratulations on a further 13% fall in crime across the county
Very impressed with the hair and beauty training and the student voice participants at Cedars today.
Very good to see the Buzzards 50 plus sports and social club in such good spirits at Tiddenfoot Leisure centre this morning.
Congratulations to Jim Woolley, Sandra Dudley and the team for such a wonderful start to the Harefest and for such a good veterans' cause.
A pleasure to listen to the fantastic Studham Lower School summer concert, congratulations to all the children and teachers.
Pleased that Eric Pickles has closed last Labour Government's secret pub for civil servants in DCLG basement, plenty of pubs in Victoria !
The 1.3 million net new private sector jobs created by this Government is the same as the entire NHS workforce.
The OBR should have more belief in British people to fill the jobs in a growing economy rather than calling for more immigration.
Delighted to see a further fall in the JuneSW Beds unemployment count of 183 fewer claimants than in May, now the lowest since January 2009.
Delighted to learn that work on a new Leighton Buzzard station footbridge and passenger lifts is due to start today.
Pleased to see Houghton Hall Park getting a £215,000 grant to recreate the working kitchen garden and the historic parkland.
Great to see a pro marriage article from Rhiannon Lucy Cosslett in the Guardian (page 30).
Good to see recruitment agency Hays saying that Britain's jobs market is growing at its fastest rate since December 2007.
Very pleased to see exports rise in the three months to May with non EU exports rising to a record £39 billion, well done UK PLC.
Delighted to see the International Monetary Fund increase its economic growth forecast for the United Kingdom.
I will be voting for the EU Referendum Bill today to let the people decide if we stay or leave the EU.
Pleased to see Leighton Corinthians YC getting £5,000 from the Football Foundation @FootballFoundtn
Double the previous estimate of UK shale gas reserves is excellent news for consumers and businesses.
Support for continuing Council Tax freeze in 2014-15 and 2015-2016 is very good news for all.
Fairer new national finding formula should be good news for Central Bedfordshire schools.
Pleased to meet the Bishop of Bedford today to discuss Bedfordshire issues of mutual concern.
Delighted to see the good re enablement work at Greenacres in Dunstable today to help frail elderly people keep their independence.
Pleased to see Grant Thornton say Bedfordshire has been "resilient in trading through the downturn and is heading for recovery".
I have just sponsored the EU Referendum Bill. You can too #LetBritainDecide .
Pleased to see major improvements for the pensions of the 4.2 million self employed people from the Pensions Bill in the Commons tonight.
Pleased to see so many people at the Central Bedfordshire Dog Show in Houghton Regis with the class for the best wiggliest waggiest tail.
Pleased at further fall in the number of unemployed claimants in South West Bedfordshire to 2051, a rate of 3.8% and lower than in May 2010.
Pleased to support http://t.co/X9Rskqmm6d on letting the British people decide if the UK stays in or leaves the European Union.
GCSE reform proposals in the Commons and the CBI report that 42% of firms have to provide remedial literacy & numeracy to school leavers.
Fantastic turnout of people having fun at Page's Field as it became a Queen Elizabeth Jubilee field which will prevent it being built on.
Small business enterprise alive and well in Leighton Buzzard after three winners at the Bedfordshire Federation of Small Business awards.
Congratulations to Cakes by Shelly of Leighton Buzzard for winning Enterprising Business of the year at the Bedfordshire FSB business awards
Congratulations to Fogarty Formal Hire of Leighton Buzzard for winning Retailer of the Year at the FSB Bedfordshire business awards tonight.
Congratulations to Vince Garvin of Leighton Buzzard for winning Entrepreneur of the Year at the Bedfordshire FSB business awards tonight.
Wonderful to see Leighton Buzzard and Linslade get its market charter back today after nearly 600 years.
Excellent to see the Government giving £5 million to the Woodside link road in Houghton Regis to be built in mid 2014 and completed by 2016.
Just visited Houghton Regis based, British owned Whitbread, home of Costa coffee and Premier Inns who are creating 12,000 new jobs.
A pleasure to open the new premises of  pchelpcentre at 140 High Street South, good to see another business showing confidence in Dunstable.
Very impressed with the knowledge of the children at Pulfords Lower School, Leighton Buzzard about the importance of bees to agriculture.
Good breakfast meeting with local farmers in Eaton Bray this morning and grateful to the NFU for their briefing.
Delighted to support the FSB's campaign to"Keep trade local" in support of smaller independent shops in Dunstable this morning.
Glad to learn from Prisons minister in HoC today that work for prisoners will not undercut UK businesses which obviously have higher costs.
Record number of job vacancies in the UK, Iain Duncan Smith tells the House of Commons.
Strongly back the draft Referendum Bill and the Prime Minister's commitment to an in-out EU referendum.
The number of unemployed claimants in South West Bedfordshire falls to 2,156, lower than in May 2010 and is 4% of the economically active.
6 more private sector jobs created for every public sector job  sadly lost since the General Election, IDS tells the Commons.
The number of people with a job is up well over three quarters of a million since the general election Iain Duncan Smith has told the HoC.
The UK's employment rate is growing at almost double the rate of the USA and faster than any other G7 country, Iain Duncan Smith tells HoC.
Modern slavery of mainly British nationals dealt a further blow by strong deterrent sentences handed out at Luton Crown Court today.
Great to be at the topping out of the Incuba centre in Dunstable today which will support new green and renewables businesses locally.
Firms that export get 30% growth after two years but less than 25% of UK businesses currently export, see http://t.co/3NOwLiL4H1 to improve.
Pleased to learn of £6,000 grant for a community table tennis club at All Saints Academy from Sport England.
Thanks to Sainsbury's Dunstable staff for your friendly welcome on my visit today,good to learn of the extra 25 jobs just created.
Very pleased to see so many employers at the Central Beds UTC Open Day, great opportunities for years 10 and 12 entry this September.
Spoke at the inaugural meeting of the Dunstable and Houghton Regis branch of the Bedfordshire Chamber of Commerce at the Holiday Inn Express
Delighted to see Houghton Regis, Bedfordshire based Whitbread announcing the creation of 12,000 extra jobs over the next five years.
Very impressed with staff and children at Ashton St Peter's school in Dunstable this morning, wonderful atmosphere a credit to the school.
Written to the Chief Constable to ask that the post implementation review of the new policing model look specifically at south Central Beds.
Very good to see recorded crime in Bedfordshire fell 15% in 2012 with burglary down by 20% and violence against the person down by 18%.
Just shown the Prime Minister what happened in SW Beds when Bedfordshire Police freed 24 modern day slaves at exhibition in Parliament.
Doing a community surgery now in Asda, Dunstable, do come to raise any issues if you live in South West Bedfordshire !
Good news for broadband speeds in Central Bedfordshire just announced by    Culture Secretary in the Commons in answer to my question.
Commended Open Doors for their World Watch List 2013 which lists the 50 countries where Christians face most persecution in Commons debate.
Supported the launch of the national diagnosis and management plan for 22q deletion syndrome in the Commons. More common than Huntingdons.
Pointed out that employers benefit from the positive attitudes, outlook and determination their staff gain from reserve forces training.
A privilege to speak at the anti modern slavery awareness training seminar for Bedfordshire in Bedford organised by Cllr Kristy Adams.
Very sorry to learn of Lady Thatcher's death.
Delighted that 3,438 South West Bedfordshire taken out of tax altogether  and 38,846 will pay less tax as tax free allowance now £9,440.
Busy Houghton Regis surgery this morning, with constituents expressing support for our welfare reforms.
Very positive meeting with Jeremy Hunt  on proposals to improve the basic standards of care across the NHS following the Francis report.
Thanks to all who came to Leighton Buzzard theatre tonight to see Mo Shapiro in her brilliant show to raise money for brain tumour research.
Impressed with Barclays Dunstable business open house today with Babe-in-Arms, nextuplocal, Maya's healing hands and Ivory Lounge.
Impressed with presentations on improving Dunstable from year 8 at Brewers Hill Middle school, a real credit to their parents and teachers.
4,000 SW Bedfordshire residents taken out of tax by 2014 and over 40,000 will see a tax cut as personal allowances rise to £10,000.
Important that we recognise and salute the role of parents who look after their own children as well as those who go out to work.
Reduction in fuel duty and beer duty is very welcome.
Implementation of the Heseltine review will be a great boost for local enterprise.
Increase in personal allowance to £10,000 is excellent news and the right thing for people on lower incomes.
Deficit now cut by one third and 1.25 net new private sector jobs created. OBR forecasts another 600,000 jobs this year too.
Very pleased to see tax incentives for the UK manufacture of ultra low emission (including electric) cars. UK should be world leader.
Pleased to see abolition of stamp duty on AIM and ISDX shares which boosts businesses ability to raise share capital.
Delighted to learn that turtle doves have  been found in the new Houghton Regis nature reserve, they have declined by over 90% since 1970s.
Spoke in health debate on Francis report arguing that all doctors and nurses however senior should take responsibility for patient care.
TV interview for the BBC Daily Politics for Friday on Foodbanks explaining how last Govt forbade jobcentres from referring people to them.
Asked the Chief Secretary to do more to help businesses raise share capital to help the economy grow as an alternative to bank borrowing.
#ItHappensHere@CSJthinktank Have seen modern day slavery of mainly British citizens in a village in my own constituency, it can happen here.
A privilege to host Christians Against Poverty reception in the HoC. Superb debt counsellors now also running job clubs through churches.
Asked Prime Minister about the new clampdown on the irresponsible behaviour of payday loan companies which is very welcome.
Have written to the Justice minister to ask for the speediest introduction of more widespread compulsory electronic monitoring of offenders.
Positive meeting with Treasury minister Greg Clark today with professionals who help smaller businesses raise share capital to grow.
Met with Green Deal minister today to get Leighton Buzzard firm Grundfos's energy efficient pumps included in the Green Deal.
Raised the difficulties that he families of service personnel face in finding work in the Commons today. Frequent moves can limit job offers
Encouraging visit to GTi Corporation in Houghton Regis who are taking on 55 extra staff, quality British engineering that we need more of.
Impressed with action Bedfordshire Clinical Commissioning Group taking to improve patient care following meeting with Dr Paul Hassan.
Met with Home Office minister Mark Harper on human trafficking in advance of the Bedfordshire initiative to fight slavery locally.
Helpful meeting with Seed International who do fantastic development work in Nicaragua, a connection made via businesses in Dunstable.
Looking forward to chairing the Leighton Linslade Community Forum in the Library Theatre from 9.30 am today. Come along if you are free.
A real pleasure to welcome the Economic Secretary to the Treasury, Sajid Javid MP, to Dunstable Downs Golf Club as our guest speaker.
Busy Houghton Regis surgery in the Town Council offices this afternoon.
Asked Michael Gove to ensure that pupils have good careers advice before they chose their AS levels so they know what different careers need
Pleased to learn of £6,380 grant to Sparx Theatre Company to fund drama workshops for people with learning difficulties in Leighton Buzzard.
Pleased to meet with Dunstable Churches together at their Big Society meeting this evening.
Busy Leighton Buzzard surgery today on wide range of issues.
Very impressed with the staff and facilities at  Cedars Day Nursery and with the new garden which I visited today.
Spoke in Europe debate in the Commons. We need to trust the people to vote in the national interest in the referendum offered by the PM.
Raised the overcrowding at Leighton Buzzard station with the Transport Secretary in the Commons today.  HS2 will provide extra capacity.
Grateful to Whipsnade parish council for organising the meeting with the zoo, council and the national trust about access across the Green.
Youth JSA claimant count in South West Bedfordshire now over 20% lower than at the last general election.
Excellent Europe speech from the Prime Minister, "Trust the people" as Churchill said.
Asked Children's minister about the children who go missing from local authority care, many of whom are trafficked, and how we can improve.
BE Aerospace have taken on an extra 150 staff in Leighton Buzzard in the last 3 years. High quality British engineering at its best.
Grateful to Billington parish council for organising meeting with police and Central Bedfordshire officers to deal with speeding in village.
Grateful to Central Bedfordshire gritters for keeping the roads clear so I could get to all my meetings and Leighton Buzzard surgery.
Raised GPs' concerns about visitors coming to the UK to access free healthcare with the Leader of the House of Commons today.
Pleased to support launch of Love Life Live Lent in the Houses of Parliament today with Dr John Sentamu Archbishop of York #livelent
I became a dementia friend today. Why don't you? http://t.co/n2Ir7Co3
Pleased to learn that pension credit recipients in SW Bedfordshire will receive a £25 cold weather payment this week, increased from £8.50.
Pleased that Federation of Small Businesses in Bedfordshire and beyond are cautiously optimistic for 2013.
Child element of tax credits will be £470 higher in 2015 than at General Election and build on this Government's 11% and 5% rises.
Asked Solicitor General to ensure funds seized from people convicted using forced labour be used to help police fund their investigations.
Thanks to all the Leighton Buzzard Royal Mail delivery office staff who do such a good job. I appreciated being able to visit yesterday.
Spoke in human trafficking debate today. British people are being trafficked around the UK and to Europe and Russia, outrageous scandal.
Very encouraging answer today in the Commons from Skills minister about capital funding for Central Bedfordshire College.
Pleased to see an extra £1,091,000 given to Central Bedfordshire today to maintain roads over the next two years.
Very impressed to learn of the success of Central Bedfordshire Council in getting people into work and starting their own businesses.
Very pleased to welcome Geoffrey van Orden MEP in Dunstable today. He does an excellent job fighting our case in Europe.
Wonderful to see so many people at the Buzzards 50 plus Christmas party this morning. A very friendly group keeping fit in later life.
Thank you to all the postmen and women of the Dunstable delivery office who I visited this morning. You give a fantastic service.
Asked question on UK shale gas today and its ability to support an industrial renaissance and bear down on fuel poverty.
Joined 20 people from Leighton Buzzard to sleep out at St Albans Abbey to raise money for Leighton Linslade Homeless Service, cold but dry
I will do all I can to get local workers jobs in building the A5-M1 link and the new junction 11a on the M1.
Great news that January 3p rise in petrol/diesel is to be scrapped altogether. Great news for motorists and businesses like Miniclipper.
A5-M1 link (Dunstable northern bypass) gets confirmed go ahead by the Chancellor. Fantastic news for Leighton Buzzard and local business.
Looking forward to the Leighton Buzzard Christmas lights going on in the High Street at 7.00 pm this evening.
Highly impressed by the 52 Christmas trees at the St Barnabas Christmas tree festival today and the restored hall looks wonderful.
Pleased to get a sympathetic response from the Skills Minister to my Commons debate on capital funding for Central Bedfordshire College.
Wonderful evening at the Old Palace Lodge in Dunstable last night, fantastic staff, food and company.
Treatment of UKIP foster parents is an appalling attack on political freedom in this country.
Advice surgery in Dunstable underway listening to constituents.
Raised the importance of the UK's AAA status to keep borrowing costs  low with the Prime Minister as France lost its AAA status this week.
Praised the Hands Off scheme run by Bedfordshire Police in the Commons today. It marks property with the owner's DNA and schools like it.
Raised poor mobile phone coverage in villages like Studham within DCMS Ministers in the Commons to see how 4G rollout will help locally.
Good to be with the Federation of Small Businesses in Tilsworth tonight as they represent 3,000 businesses in Bedfordshire.
Brilliant evening tonight at the Grove Theatre for the Dunstable Business and Community awards. Congratulations to the Sandie and the team.
Inspired by Central Bedfordshire university technical college. Children who enrol in years 10 and 12 next year very likely to get good jobs.
Impressed with the export advice provided by Bedfordshire Chamber of Commerce. If you are a Bedfordshire business, why not contact them ?
Hugely impressed by the work of the Salvation Army I saw in Dunstable this morning, love and support provided for toddlers to 106 year olds.
I have voted in the Police and Crime Commissioner elections today. Please fulfil your civic  and Christian duty and do the same.
Pleased to read the Government remains committed to recognising marriage in the tax system, an important way to reduce child poverty.
Pleased to see the Government taking the lead internationally with Germany on cracking down on multinational tax avoidance.
Libor,oil markets and now gas market alleged manipulation. We need a culture of social responsibility and those at the top held accountable.
Largest crowds I have ever seen at the Remembrance services in Leighton Buzzard and Linslade and very many young people present too.
Delighted at appointment of Justin Welby as the Archbishop of Canterbury.
Much enjoyed talking to and taking questions from Leighton Buzzard Society members this evening.
Delighted to turn on the new floodlights at Leighton Buzzard Rugby Football club this evening.
Moving Remembrance event with Linslade and Cedars schools and the Royal British Legion today.
Excellent All Party Parliamentary meeting on strengthening couple relationships in families. Thanks to Tavistock and others for support.
Pleased to be going to support the Emily Brady Healing Foundation at St Mary's RC Church in Dunstable, hope triumphing over tragedy.
Attended the start of works at the new £5 million business incubation unit in Dunstable. Good to see more diggers on the ground.
Pleased to see so many mental health charities working together to improve services in Leighton Buzzard this afternoon.
A5-M1 link (Dunstable Northern Bypass) gets approval today. Oh happy day for all South West Bedfordshire. See http://t.co/06vFlmYD for more.
68 fewer unemployed claimants in South West Bedfordshire this month and less than at the General Election as we have one million new UK jobs
820 people started an apprenticeship in South West Bedfordshire last year an increase of 86% on the year before.
Inspired by second anniversary celebration evening of Leighton Buzzard street pastors who have done such a great job helping people.
Delighted to see successful Leighton Buzzard logistics company Miniclipper expanding in the town.
Spoke at the Addaction meeting on fatherlessness with Dr Martin Glynn, not acceptable that 48% of children will see their parents split up.
Pleased to speak at Reform round table on tackling unemployment by matching skills with jobs to cut unemployment further.
Pleased to see strong backing for parenting and marriage and relationship support at the Family fringe meeting I spoke at last night.
Good to hear Michael Gove praising the work of charity TLG and churches in their early intervention work to keep children engaged in school.
Inspiring to listen to the great work of Barnardo's and KFC working together to give disadvantaged young people work experience and jobs.
Delighted to learn that Jim and Naomi Woolley of the Hare Inn in Southcott are the national winners of the Community Hero awards.
Pleased to be able to support the SSAFA coffee morning at the Willows, Steppingstone  Place today.
Full of admiration for the carers I met tonight at the Parkinson's Society in Leighton Buzzard and good to see the mutual support on offer.
Very positive meeting on how to help businesses raise early stage share capital today, a vital part of helping businesses start and grow.
Delighted to see range of activities open to Leighton Buzzard U3A's 800 members,anyone not in full time work can be a member.
Thanks to Barclays staff in Dunstable for putting on such a great Macmillan cancer coffee morning and good to hear their lending is up.
Very pleased to see the 11 new buses that Arriva have bought for Houghton Regis and Dunstable residents at Superdrug this morning.
Great honour to welcome the Archbishop of Canterbury to open the new £16.5 million rebuild of All Saints Academy in Dunstable this morning.
Another great event from LB Connect tonight with their business fair in Leighton Buzzard. If you run a small business, why not join them ?
Thanks to everyone who came to the North Houghton Regis Police stakeholder meeting for constructive ideas to deal with antisocial behaviour.
Very welcome opening of refurbished UK Headquarters of Grundfos in Leighton Buzzard today, a company that has had 10% sales growth this year
Great to be with local business group LB Connect in Heath and Reach this morning and looking forward to their business fair on Wednesday.
Delighted to open the fantastic new computer suite at Ashton Middle School this morning.
Pleased to learn about 12 new local jobs on offer at Tesco in Leighton Buzzard at the Tesco for schools presentation today.
Wonderful opening of St Augustine's Academy Dunstable this morning with the Bishop of St Albans.
Raised case in Commons of constituent with mental health issues on benefits who was charged £35 for a letter from his GP about his housing.
Moving Battle of Britain memorial service at St Barnabas church Linslade this morning, important to be grateful for the freedom we owe them.
Want to thank the Salvation Army who have provided emergency food in Dunstable for many years.
Delighted to be at launch of Dunstable food bank to see 20 churches working together to meet needs that have been unmet for many years.
About to go Radio 5 Live to comment on the Government reshuffle.
Central Beds College trained jobseekers guaranteed an interview for the 230 new jobs being created at the new Morrisons in Houghton Regis.
Very pleased to see unemployment fall again this month in SW Beds. It is also lower than last year and has fallen for several months now.
Just praised the kind and compassionate care of the staff of Ashton Lodge care home in Dunstable in Health Questions in the Commons today.
Delighted to learn that Cedars Upper School is to get a new 3G artificial grass pitch with a £236,804 grant from the Football Foundation.
Congratulations to Jas Palmar on being selected as Bedfordshire Conservative Crime and Police Commissioner candidate, a former policeman.
Pleased to see justice for the victims of the Op.Netwing slavery case today and congratulations to Bedfordshire Police for their efforts.
Right decision for Bob Diamond to resign.
Pleased to open electric car charging points in Dunstable today behind Go Bowling with Cllr Nigel Young and Cllr Ann Sparrow.
Great news that the petrol and diesel duty rise due in August has just been scrapped !
Just supported the 'Getting it right first time' proposals of Prof Tim Briggs on getting the best results for orthopaedic patients.
Just done  advice surgeries in 13 South West Bedfordshire villages.
Met another Dunstable business today RWDI Anemos with world class skills and a rising turnover.
Good meeting with the Chief Constable of Bedfordshire and please to hear that crime is falling faster in Bedfordshirthan the rest of the UK
Many thanks to volunteers and Leighton Buzzard station staff for brightening up the station and giving Greenleas children a great day out.
Fantastic launch of Central Bedfordshire university technical college in Houghton Regis today to benefit children in whole area.
Very good meeting at King's Houghton Middle School with Barry Day of Greenwood Dale Foundation Trust, a great future ahead for the school.
Delighted to get support on Mumsnet for my call for schools to correct more than 3 spelling mistakes in each piece of a child's work.
Very pleased to see Government consultation today on keeping children safe online following the Parliamentary I served on.
Visited Central Bedfordshre College this morning to see how we can improve the Dunstable and Leighton Biuzzard sites.
Just met with Bedfordshire Police who are doing an excellent job reducing crime locally.
Just opened the first electric vehicle  charging points in Central Bedfordshire in Leighton Buzzard multi storey car park.
My tweets now appear on  Facebook as well.
In House of Commons debate on school funding to argue for fairer funding for Central Bedfordshire schools.
Excellent opening of the new Grovebury Road surgery on Saturday. First class new facilities and less travelling to hospitals for patients.
Just finished a busy surgery in Houghton Regis.
Just called for more separate cycling lanes where possible as in cities like Munich in the cycling debate in the Commons this afternoon.
Convincing messages on the benefits of marriage for children from Professor Scott Stanley and Judge Paul Coleridge in Commons tonight.
Delighted to learn that the Linslade extension of 900 houses on Valley Farm has been turned down by the Inspector. Not the place to build.
Two thirds fall in crime in Central Bedfordshire credit to Bedfordshire Police and their station exclusion zone policy to get officers out.
Congratulations to Leighton Linslade Homeless Service volunteers aged between 9 and 72 who slept out all night to raise funds last Friday.
Very touched that retired public sector husband and wife from Leighton Buzzard have offered to help out during the strike tomorrow.
Have asked that Libya consider reimbursing the UK for the costs of our military operations in Libya out of its oil wealth in due course.
See answer from the Prime Minister to my question on strengthening families on www.andrewselous.org.uk
Very positive answer from the Prime Minister today to my question on the "Let's stick together" pilots run by Care for the Family.
Gave evidence to the Boundary Commission today to keep Dunstable and Kensworth in the South West Bedfordshire constituency where they belong
Interesting point by Bill Gates last night that an increase in African agricultural productivity will lead to lower food prices in the West.
Very good session in the Commons today on keeping children safe on line. Talk Talk are leading the way and other ISPs need to catch up.
Great news about the new University Technical College in Houghtom Regis for 650 pupils to open in September 2012 announced yesterday.
Wonderful to attend the topping out ceremony at All Saints Academy today. A fantastic building for Houghton Regis and Dunstable children.
Public launch today of sleep out at St Albans Abbey on 2 December for Leighton Linslade Homeless service. Sponsorship welcomed please !
Public Inquiry on A5-M1 link road (Dunstable Northern Bypass) planned to start on 7th February 2012, more excellent local news.
Just left Macmillan cancer coffee morning in Barclays Bank Leighton Buzzard which is being very well supported,
Fantastic news today about the go ahead for the A5-M1 link road bypass north of Dunstable, a real credit to Central Beds and the Government.
Learnt of two things JobCentre Plus can do to help businesses recruit for staff at Network Leighton Buzzard business breakfast today.
Discovery of slavery in Bedfordshire is truly shocking. Congratulations to Bedfordshire Police for freeing 24 victims yesterday.
Called for rioters to pay for damage done and to repair what they damaged for heavier fines on shop theft as we should call shop lifting.
Just made Commons speech calling for end of huge fees paid to already very highly paid returning officers at elections.
Wonderful turnout of floats and stalls at Houghton Regis carnival contributed to a good day out and a strong sense of community.
http://t.co/6yUZmrb
My latest article for politics.co.uk
Attending debate on the economy, pleased to hear Chancellor say 520,000 net new private sector jobs created in the UK in the last year.
A real pity that the Opposition have voted against welfare reform to make people better off in work than on benefits.
Visited the Xers with Bedfordshire Police today. They have cut motorbike antisocial behaviour by half and deserve support.
I named 8 Iranians imprisoned for their Christian faith in the Commons  and pointed out  the Iranian government also publicly burn Bibles.
Full surgery in Houghton Regis and encouraging meeting with Kishor Patel of growing  Nisa Local afterwards.
full and busy surgery followed by meetings with Central Beds and Chief Constable and then about the rural bus service.
A very good night, Conservative gains and kept control of Central Beds, Leighton Linslade and Dunstable councils.
About to go into BBC studio in Luton, pleased that Conservative vote in Central Bedfordshire is solid.
Pleased the Prime Minister congratulated Central Bedfordshire Council on its value for money performance in the Commons today.
A lot of interest in our No2AV stall in Dunstable market this morning, everyone I spoke to was going our tried and trusted voting system.
Only one person said they would vote for AV out canvassing tonight in Dunstable, everyone else was against.
Off to No2AV event for one elector one vote in Victoria Gardens
About to do Budget interview on BBC 3CR
debate and vote on Libya no fly zone on Monday at HOC.
Attended excellent Macmillan cancer event in Leighton Buzzard last night with a wonderful group of volunteers.
Just asked Home Office Ministers about trafficked children who go missing from local authority care.
My view from the House article on Why on current voting system works, read it at http://tiny.cc/z7xgw
Completed full two and ahalf hour surgery in Leighton Buzzard this morning.
Constituents are approving of my vote against European Court odering UK to allow prisoners to vote.
Just joined the Beat Bullying Big March.  Why don't you too ?
Just finished voting to make the number of voters in constituencies more equal.
;ust beenappointed as Parliamentary Private Secretary to Iain Duncan Smith, Work and Pensions Secretary.
Delighted by my doubled majority.  Thank you so much to all those who voted for me.
A stream of people coming into the office asking for Conservative posters today.
Attended dedication of new World War Two memorial in Kensworth with the British Legion and others.  Very moving event.
Met another local employer who told me that Labour's NI rise jobs tax will lead to people losing their jobs. Lib Dems back the jobs tax.
Also met an employer today  who is so fed up with Labour's regulation that he will emigrate if the Conservatives do not win.
Met a pensioner today who worked all his life and gets less than someone down his road who never worked.  He is voting for me as a result.
Very friendly reception in what should be Labour's strongest area of Dunstable yesterday, people asking for posters to put up as well.
Just got a bottle of whiskey signed by the Leader of the Opposition and the Prime Minister in aid of a Help for Heroes event  locally.
Attended Brain Tumour Action reception hosted by the Speaker tonight.  It is the 5th most common cancer but only gets 0.7% of research funds
Spoken at a welfare to work conference on helping the homeless get housed and find work which had wondeful examples of successful projects.
Just asked the Prime Minister a question on the Child Migrant scandal apology.
Just asked the Immigration minister about how many people are working in Britain on bogus student visas, but got no answer on this.
Supper with Professor John Lennox looking at how science and faith relate
Supper with Professor John
Signing Holocaust Memorial Day Book of Commitment in the Commons.  If we do not learn from history we will repeat its tragedies.
Just voted to restrict the outrageous interest rates that some store cards charge.  Not sure why Labour would want to prevent this.
Governor literacy monitoring school visit and Leighton Buzzard surgery yesterday.
Voting against token Fiscal Responsibility Bill in the House of Commons.
15th January, busy constituency surgery in Dunstable and then a Governors' Curriculum committee meeting at Studham Lower school.
My second question in Parliament in 2 days on Central Bedfordshire College about  a rebuild and extra students with no extra funding.
I'm about to head into Prime Minister's Questions. Always an exciting point in the week.
Currently dealing with constituency correspondence in my Westminster office, helping those that write to me with local and national issues.
I am working in my constituency office.
XX,Andrew_SelousMP,Andrew Selous MP,651,119,2
