@AVMitchell2010
From a great reception in Parliament on Monday commemorating the Sikhs who fought in WWI. These guys were giants! http://t.co/r1IvI7zlI3
Milliband to win business support by telling CBI how much Labour loves EU.PS.We'll also invade Iraq if they want us to.
@nelincs  where are they?
George Osborne to adopt Tesco's.accounting standards up to the election.Britain now more prosperous than Germany and more powerful than US
If Millicarpers and crappers don't shut up is big brim vet an me'll bash em up
Govt to implement poison pill contract for Tory MPs.if defeated by Labour or UKIP at election Labour must pay their wages for 4 years
Cameron should count all the money not paid in UK OrporAtion tax thanks to Jean Claude Junker deals in Lux as UK contribution to EU
PWC to be awarded the Jean Claude Junker prize for tax avoidance and contribution to the Luxembourg economy
Democracy dinner. We are asked to forecast election result before we get our pudding http://t.co/GsXoffJOS1
UK hasn't connected to the Schengen information system which would tell us if murderers rapists etc are coming here because of costs
Hail the anniversary of that great Yorkshire parliamentary reformer Guy Fawkes.Prog on.
Deflation.and weak demand is Britain's problem and the world's.Why don't we print money?
Capitalism cheats:banks on Forex Tesco on accounts Big 4 on tax, utilities and oil on prices.Why do we still sanctify it not the state?
If big cities like M/cr Leeds and Sheffield become the powerhouses of the North Grimsby will become the out house
Which will come first.Pigs flying passengers over. The Pennines or Osborne's HST3 underneath them?
First act of Neo-Con govt in NZ is to take away legal right to a tea break and undermine collective bargaining.Bastards Rule
8am will be interviewed about Calendar Boy by Kathryn Apanovich on Radio york
Back of envelope proposal to abolish Lords isn't just a waste ofLabour's time in this economic situation  but divisive madness.Despair
@mattwrack I am signing and supporting firefighters
PAC City Conf on tax avoidance smothered by complacency and vested interests.No EU,HMRC,Irish Luxembuggers or Multinats!
Why when prostitution is included in GDP figures does UK's GDP contribution  go up and the French go down?
Why doesn't Labour show it's love of the EU by offering more for the budget and encouraging  more immigrants?
Linda and the Mayor at Diwali http://t.co/usgjFXMdLl
Britain fined £2bn by EU for reckless thriving.Theyve boosted GDP figures by including prostitution
twitter - Google Search https://t.co/pKS43zp2O5
Force Prime Ministers To Quit After 7 Years To Stop Them Going Mad, Says Labour MP - http://t.co/uZ0qmk29tt #GoogleAlerts
@ScargillArthur follow me and I can send you a direct message
@ScargillArthur You're welcome at my book launch tomorrow, 6pm, ITV Studios in Leeds
Buy my book! The best book of the year! A rattling good read. http://t.co/EEjgxn7Lcl
Public Accounts Com reveals Treasury on a wing and a prayer and facing steady decline into low wage economy
@HomeServeUK We have paid you year on year. Now we want some service. http://t.co/LXGdNE2tuQ
@homeserveuk talk to me about our contract with you to service Gloworm boiler. We have contract which you will not honour.
If the EU is democratic why can't electors in the high unemployment zero growth nations change the monetary system ruining them?
G@ http://t.co/XdFjCWCPxp
Ask whether we'd join the pathetic shambling Euro crippled expensive mess that is the EU today.Of course we wouldn't
Britain's pathetic politics with dying major parties,more minors and massive alienation is only workable with proportional representation
If Tories win it's unfounded tax cuts for rich higher interest rates and more cuts in http://t.co/IsaF5L9jU7 More Misery
Can't vote for referendum bill because speaking.in Ilkley Lit Fest but support it.Very strange to see Lab speakers opposing it.
Campaigning is the point of the Labour Party.Time to add brains and HOPE
I'm
@Jenksi   Is Melanie?
@Samuelsdale no
Tough on industry towns like Grimsby have always done their duty in production and war.Now the only duty left for them is as consumers.
Labour's restriction of benefits for migrants is a sop'The problem is to control EU immigration in the same way as we do rest of world
Guess who is back at Steels? http://t.co/ayJnOdBDSP
Mathew Parris's contempt for Clacton is also contempt for Grimsby Scarboro'Rotheram and a whole tone of left behind non metropolitan folk
The main thing that alienates the left behind tribe from Labour is our vacuous enthusiasm for  the EU.It's our albatross
Labour needs 1a super Keynesian expansion plan 2 Referendum on EU 3 A nationalistic rebuilding of strength 4 Hope not cuts.5 Go for growth
Who owns Britain? 1900 the peerage Now Foreigners.UK the First Nation to sell itself and for peanuts too!
I'm all for Ed.Stop the carping.Rally round.Fire the panicked and speak "people"Keep the faith and the leader!
@UKIP_NELINCS if wishes were horses
Just chaired excellent Baverstock lecftur by. Roger Mosey in Ilkley  Fesgtival.GreA. More power to the regjkions.Federalise TV
Remember tomorrow the Baverstock lecture.Roger Mosey.Ilkley play house. 7.00 0m All welcome
Let the North shout with one voice "our case is stronger than Scotland's.we want the.same public spending per head
Why are all the dirty tax deals by Amazon Google etc exposed by us on the PAC being left to the EU instead of being tackled by HMRC?
Cameron won't subsidise more land wind turbines cod he's wasted so much dosh bunging EDF for nuclear
It can't be right with Ebiola raging in west Africa to keep deporting asylum seekers and overstayers t's there.Stop deportations
The pound is grossly overvalued and must come down to energise the economy.If ypu don't devalue the currency you devalue the workers
Is Vince Cable the only honest man in British politics?
How did the LibDems live so long and happily with people they hate so much?Will they have enough MPs left to be worth coalescing with?
Much better than a mansion tax would be to add 2 or3 higher bands to the very regressive banding we now have
Osborne will finance tax cuts by Quantitive easing
Tories promise £7bn of tax cuts :loud hosannas.If Labour promised to boost spending by £7 bn -cries of ruin and disaster
Tory Conf:Osborne. "Aren't I clever" Grayling contempt for audience.Duncan Smith"Let's play Land of hoe &Glory".Delegates only there to clap
Add to Tesco's Bank of AMERICA FINED MILLIONS for a 4 billion dollar account overstatement.Auditors PWC
Writing to Vince Cable to demand an enquiry into Tesco's accounts and their auditors PWC
Miseryguts Tory conference means the election. choice will be between little hope and more misery.Misanthropes Rule.Not OK !
Wasn't Brooks Newmark the minister. For the BIG society?
Labour's PPB What a mess.Covered too many issues.Too tally without saying owt.in short incomprehensible.Please do better than this!
Uniform on.Engines revving.Chocks away.Just waiting for the word from Bomber Command.
Douglas Alexander:long on lists .Very short on passion
If only our leaders could give speeches like De Blaisio's
Awaiting the call from Bomber Command.if Commons meets do I have to go in uniform?
Shocking!!!Bill DeBlasio rudely reminds Labour that politics is about class war.Brilliant speech but totally out of place for Labour!
2greatest failures of  Conference:build 100,000 council houses a year 2tackle corporate abuse and power of corporations
Any Burnham best conference speech,economic speeches in exciting Miliband's good but not inspiring
Why doesn't Labour mobilise the same Nationalist enthusiasm we saw in Scotland for rebuilding  national strength and purpose?
Everything Labour stood for in the eighties the public now wants but Labour doesn't What a perverse paradox!
This conference will answer all questions on Labour's policy except those on EUWhere the answer is a firm "DUH"
@tom_watson @HarrietHarman @IanLaveryMP I am told I was named and shamed by @HarrietHarman What did she say?
An English Parliament would be even more dominated by London and the South East than the present Southocracy
Best way out.of the mess is to devolve power to big English regions with elected assemblies running development,health,transport etc
Here at the death of a dream. Because Scottish nationalism is a sentiment not a force electors feared to take the final step to freedom.
Referenda are good democratic processes except in UK cos opponents of change always mobilise fear and the Brits are so easily frightened.
Salmons resigns,Cameron rats Milliband ruminates and New Zealand Labour http://t.co/ncJxCTBDZK's dreadful when you're 80 !
It wasn't Gordon wot won it. But boy did he help
Turn around.All references to Salmond in the press have been derogatory and demeaning for days.Now,suddenly he's a visionary and hero
Went to StGiles.All TV cameras and world secessionists and other loonies gone No one asked my opinions.Time to go home
They're already talking of "more power to nations"not regions.Sounds ominous to me
The Cameras and the Commentariat depart and Scotland lapses into rain
Why no speech from Gordon Brown-the only hero of No http://t.co/C6hAoxiOwo
Turn round lads.T'other away http://t.co/EJctkdwXHE
Will Labour suffer the consequences?It's solidified the
 Nats and given up its prospect of socialism in Scotland for dilution in GB
I wondered how Scots would feel deluged by their media with London news,views and rubbish.Now I know.Like Yorkshire folk!
Hope Andy's mum is not embarrassed bout this
Query for Gordon Brown on reading your excellent book.In democracies surely smallness is a virtue,size a conceit?
No state can stop globalisation but a small democracy closer to its people can better cushion it's consequences and sustain socialism
Murdoch lost his nerve on Scottish Independence.Too old to be bold.Being greedy makes you weedy.You're a big disappointment Rupe.
YES to fish and chips In Edinburgh! http://t.co/654y0yolzJ
Time for Devolution for the North  http://t.co/TNE1Ljaa8Z
Gordon Brown,great lion of Labour is the only thing good noble and inspiring about a "No" campaign which concentrated on fear not sense
Free seminar: "Fighting Corporate Abuse", 23 Sept, 12.30 - 14.30, Room G1, Friends Meeting House, 6 Mount Street, Manchester.
How can we give more money,power and devo to Scots while depriving English councils of all of them and the ability to provide good services?
With half the scots for independence an a third of Brits not voting for the 2 government parties can we say'all's well with Britain?
Why in all the prating about Scottishness,Englisg and Welshness do they never mention Northerness,and it'sdour patience and hardness?
A DevoMax package which doe nothing for the North makes our comparative situation worse and is unacceptable. It's time for DevoNorth too now
@SteelsRest  after releasing 1280 balloons tagged with names of Grimsby Chums regiment in 1914. Wonderful event
Tell me please why independance will be a catastrophe but Devo Max will be energising liberating and marvellous?
England beware! All the techniques of fear creation used in Scotland against home rule will be used to terrify us against Brexit
A referendum won by fear and lies can't give a stable long accepted result
The last week in Scotland was supposed to be a love-feat Instead it's been big time bullying and fear creation
Can the three leaders now tour the North and tell us what they're going.to do for us and how much devolution we'll get.DEVO NORTh
Will speeding points acquired in Scotland count for loosing licences in England?
Win or lose Scptland is more alive intelliigent than the class ridden.
London dominated whining Poms it drags behind it
Will Scots drive on the right like the rest of Europe after independence .Will it be done on a voluntary basis?
IF Scotland votes Yes should we cut the salaries of English MPs and ministers?
Fx w:
Panic stricken leaders all off to Scotland to beg for their jobs.Macmillan to be exhumed next week
If an act for a referendum in 2017 is passed in this Parliament Labour will either have repeal it enter the election or do it. Which ?
UK's net annual contribution to EU in 2013 £12 billion.OBR calculates further rise of £10billion over next 4 years.Can we afford it?
Bugger three party agreement on Last ditch offer to Scotland.Labour should offer more and  quicker
What will the Devo Max package offer to the North? Why not seize the moment and offer Devo all Round
@SteelsRest here it is! http://t.co/uN0QvhDrwR
Vote for Home Rule and the pound will plummet says D Telegraph. What could be more sensible ?
True North,Britain's depressed and repressed area is more than Scotland.Where they go we follow.Devo North or nowt
Contrary to what neoliberals say shareholders don't and can't own large companies. Read: http://t.co/QitQkqtXug via @LeftFootFwd
Sheffield swimming star is aiming for the top - The Star: http://t.co/WyVECjDAGT
If Scotland votes for Home Rule David Cameron would have to resign! What fool let that cat out of the bag to encourage Yes voters?
Letting Ukraine into NATO would be an unnecessary provocation to Russia. It's what caused the conflict in the first place.Why do it?
Border control :the only people who go into take always to take away the chef
This is the era of flash in the pan politics:SDP, Clegg mania, now UKIP. first the flash then the pan
Milburn. Report. other countries are more elitist than us,Vide France.It's just that other elites aren't as stupid and complacent as ours
Q.Why is UKIP stroner on the East Coast? A. Because it's closer to Europe!
Hollande's junking of Montebourge's economics for Micron monetarism foreshadows what will happen here.Scary!
Cameron uses the scare tactics in Scotland talking as if the single market will be lost.Is he helping theSNP?
Rotherham brings up a crucial question for MPs.Can we know what's going on?What can we do?What's our responsibility?
If #The Bank can underwrite the pound for a tin pot tax fiddling tax haven like Jersey why can't it do the same for Scotland?
Oh to be in Scotland.Such excitement there..Pity the North can't have it too.
Good debate badly chaired but showing the benefits of head to head without bringing dead cat Clegg in
"Politics is a nasty despicable Game played by nasty despicable people.Where's the surprise in this?" Cameron Slater-,NZ,On National Tricks
Brilliant Labour party political broadcast kicks off NZ election campaign. This is the way to do it
https://t.co/NUr3YCiKDs
Thought for Sasch Barlon Cohen : What shall they know of Grimsby who only Tilbury know?
@dhothersall Touche. I am, but when I go to the doctor I don’t have the undertaker in attendance measuring me up
Should we mAke Governor of Bank of England General Secretary of TUC to get wages up?
Nicky Hager's book Dirty Politics about scandal mongering,character assassination and slander by blog battering Labour in NZ is a must read.
All the techniques of economic nation building which made Germany Japan Korea and now china so strong are ruled out in the EU
Time now for Devo-North.The South is another country.They do things differently there
How many more fears can be mobilised to frighten the Scots off independance?Bubonic plague? Kilt eating moths?They must be terrified
@martinangus Labour forever! mad as a box of frogs, will tweet mainly rubbish, soaps, never sport, sometimes politics! Apologies in advance.
Who's anti women? All my aunties were women !
As Miliband crams Labour with women, Austin Mitchell shares his view http://t.co/zJWwG2CLhs via @MailOnline
Why so much surprise that the Eurozone is flatlining? It's the Euro wot dun it.Per ardua ad closer union which isn't worth it anyway!
@margueritelou @Te_Ara l.m.mcdougall@gmail.com
It's only pompous pillocks who want to pontificate on something they can do nowt about who want recall  of Parliament.Just send Blair
What will British jets flying over N Iraq actually do apart from take photos?.This is gesture by jet http://t.co/taExLfEmwa
Milli should think before threats.Punishing home rule by refusing the £ hits scottish Labour voters.Do we want that? http://t.co/Clq5uawpQ0
Milliband and other English pols don't have the right to say Scots can't have the poond.Put it.to a referendum.
Salmond should offer a second referendum after a year to accept the negotiated settlement  if Scots vote yes
13 new Tory peers buy their titles for £22 million.Next and  final round now own for bids over £2m per title (cheques to ConCo pse)
Most of the celebs signing the letter asking Scotland to stay are in themselves a good reason for going
Cripes!  Yaroo ! It's not the man on the white horse but Boris on the white bicycle who'll lead us out of the EU.More power to your pedal.
How much better the Salmond Darling debate is than our 2010 leader debates and how much better the adjudicator Brain to brain is best
What will La Mensch say  about Lady Warsi? The world waits
@John_mills_jml
Linda and grandson Red http://t.co/h15FRVURJL
Small democracies are not only more democratic but better to live in and richer Vide NZ Norway Iceland Denmark
If Scotland stays We need DevoNorth too If she goes we must have it to protect us from London Max Why not Devo all round
Not true. @OnnMel will win, Tories in second place. People in Grimsby are much smarter than you think
So proud. Archie Austin Mitchell swimming in British champs at a ponds Forge this week.Good luck Arch
Only hours left to make a big donation to Tory funds and get one of the last places on party lords list. Hurry hurry.Pay now.Pray later
Answer to Blanchflower. Osborne's "long term Economic plan"was slash and burn.Now it's changed to slash and borrow.Either way it's insane.
If Unies buy their own student debt they should exclude EU students who dont pay it back and incorperate themselves as bailiffs
Labour's Policy Forum voted 125 to 14 for "austerity lite"policies.Nuff said.Sheep led by PR people
When is a book not a book? According to Treasury when its on a Kindle. There it must pay VAT. Illiterate bastards
Mayhem murder and death in Libya,Syria and Gaza all too poor now to be able to pay Tony Blair to come out and give a speech on peace
Will the fracking drive reduce govt interest in investing, developing and subsidising off-shore wind before we've even built it? Wanna bet?
Costa Concordia,sunk now refloated to be renamed "Osborne Economic Plan" before being sent for scrap
Papers on the right say Ntl Parks saved from fracking.Those on the left say it will be allowed there in Ntl interest.We're being fracked
@borat Sacha.Come to Grimsby.Stay with us..See what a nice place Gy is and film here so we get the dosh rather than recreating us
To all who rang LP members in Grimsby advising them how to vote in selectio n.Thanks for advice.We've taken it.Now send £10donation for roof
Ring out the  old ring  in the new.Congrats to Mel Onn.Commiserations to all three other candidates..All for Grimsby.
Grimsby Labour selectors:ignore the overkill and all the calls from outside from whoever.Decide for yourselves.Who's best for Grimsby
Grimsby selects today.The best constituency in the country needs someone who 's upto the job and a credit to our town
Without the US to take the leed can the EU get any agreed policy on sanctions or any other punishment of Russia?
Equalities and human rights commission says all women short lists for top business jobs are illigal.Does this apply to selection of MPs?
Where was @Ed_Miliband speaking? Berlin?
Sacha Baron Cohen is a tax dodger.Is his Grimsby film financed by a tax avoidance scam like Film Partners 2 LLP? Do tell us Taxratborat
Child abuse may well have been a problem with previous parliaments.Now its elder abuse.Ken Clark to testiify.
British economy was always run on  low wages compensated by cheap food and housing.Free market economics kick away last two
Lynton Crosby says Gove had to go because he was toxic with teachers and Patterson because he wan't toxic with badgers
Our policies of cuts austerity and balanced budgets are our railway platform useful  for getting on the train but not taken on the journey!
Attach the same imprtance to Millib's promise to balance the budget in next Parliament as Rooseveldts same promise in 1932
I dreamed I saw Lord Hill last night Alive as you or me
One question rings round the EU.Who is Lord Hill (in Yorkshire Lord ''ill)?
Well done Matt Brown for pouring the borax on Borat and defending Grimsby.Agood place to live
On its first task,approval of the DfT's cuts in S.Humbers rail services,Rail North has betrayed the North and aupported cuts.Resign!
Rail North has betrayed Northern Lincolnshire and been conned into cuts by DfT.God rot them in hell
Why did Raail North which exists to improve rail services in the North agree to cuts in Northern Lincolnshire?
Dont be fooled  by the offer of HS2 for the north. It's to conceal the reality of cuts   now
Cameron does apologies beautifully but has awful judgement about the mistakes that make the apologies necessary
http://t.co/RbZxEYzFQ4 I enjoyed meeting Gordon Brown again. Great man.
Hesperus log. SOS.Six officers lost overboard.. McVeigh lashed to mast.Cabin girls in crow's nest.Cargo shiftinp
Reshuffle news HMS Hesperus sails on
Jean Claude Junker is the great closer of British book shops through his dirty secret tax deal with Amazon
Women's reshuffle dau.Oh Loiuse thou shoulds't be here at this hour
This is a government of continuouos improvisation not plan a)cos its a coalition b) cos Cam never  thinks anything thru anyway
Typical of Cam to lose Hague and Clark the only cabinet ministers who were any good and pretend it's an improvement!
Germany wins because they play as a team not a collection of overpaid egos who've never met.Their soccer's like their industry.
New 2012 child support system charges 20% for collection 4% for       delivery.Monstrous.Taking  it from the kids &more than bailliffs
Business always does better under Labour with higher growth and more oublic spending.Problem is that British business is too stupid to see
Since benefits of growth now go so heavily to wealth Lab must now take sides in a class war to improve the lot of working people
Fewer people watched TDF in London (pop 8m) than in Yorkshire (pop 5 million- but all smarter)
New road sign on cotes de Blackley."Up t'ill"
New Yorkshire saying: Ay -Up. Allez allez
The TDF effect is ephemeral.Le matin apres le jour avant et Yorkshire tu n'as pas change mon vieux.Tu es toujours le meme Yorkshire
I take it all back.Watching TDF thru Beautiful Yorkshire is wonderful.Well worth £10m.Provided Yorkshire doesnt pay for it.Brilliant!!!
ITV coverage of Le Tour brilliant. BBC's awful from @evanHD condescending  questions to idiot local reporters making Tykes look daft
Le Tour: It wor all a blurr sez Yorkshire
From Nuffield gaudy to Yorkshire for its "Day of Destiny" with the Tour.Quelle crap.
Lycra clad super cyclist arrives to park his car and cycle on to the Fleece to do commentary  on le tour pour radio Leeds.Bon chance!
Yorksher's put it'sen out fer t'tour.When does it get summat back?
Calderdale is full of raving lunatics sweating uphill be-lycred on bikes while locals paint their toilets yellow to rent them out
Yorkshire: l'heure de gloire est arrive
Le Tour :  Yorkshire piste. Pas encore!
Apres le grand depart. Quoi?
@Mary_Strang_NF  Speak oh great Kiwi
EU must publish all the dirty Junker deals allowing multinationals like Amazon to pay tax in Luxembourg on profits made in UK
Cameron urges the silent majority in Scotland to speak for England
Good fair article on Ed Milli by Peter Oborne in today's Torygraph.More sensible than Ed's Labour critics.
EU democracy is a system in which everybody gets what nobody wants QED
A society in which a London house earns more than the Londoner in it isn't just sick.It's mad
Dylan rewritten for David Caneron : I aint goig to work on Jean Claude's Junk yard no more
@AlexC93 yes will do that
Will Jean Claude now require Luxambourg to dismantle all the tax fiddles he installed  there to stop the damahe they're doing to rest of  EU
Milliband says Brexit will lose 3m British jobs.Are these the same 3m we lost through not joining the Euro or another 3m?
Correction. Guardian news "Labour offers olive branch to business"should read "Labout offers yet another olive branch to business"
If interest rates flat to the floor stimulate growth and inflation still falls to 1.5% why not keep them that way?
E U. No Cam do 2 Angela is no Blucher and Cam no Wellington
Achtung!Junkergramme No 1.UKIp verboten.Cameron schweinhund.
Yes folk!It'Junker day.Ein volk ein reich ein junk load.Love it or leave it.Gesundjunk.
Election  only ten months away but with increasing possibility of another early election after as decider.Just like 1974
In Iceland leading a parliamentary delegation.Boy is it clear who won the cod war.And the benefits of keeping control of your own  waters
If everyone agrees Junker is a jerk why are they so hostile to Cams attempt to break down the Euro hypocrisy of electing him
Yez folks! It's Junker Day!ein volk Ein reich ein Junke
Jean Claude Junker Tag.No 2.Have another brandy for breakfast.
All hail the name of Jean Claude J. Let Cameron prostrate fall. Raise high his Euro diadem and praise him Lord of all!
Independence -according to Evening Standard Keir Hardy spoke on Home Rule in Trafalgar Square in 2010 - picture to prove it
Quick learners these Tories.Osborne has just realised where the north is.Hope he begins to understand how much he's damaged it
http://t.co/U6wjf9zdhZ
Nomination day for Grimsby Labour party selection.4 excellent candidates-but only 4 thanks to all women short list imposed Difficult choice
Not true that Yorks & Humbs get more frpm EU than they pay in.Takes no account of CAP and CFP and all the fish lost to Grimsby
@NCORNWALLCLP  a much looked forward to treat once a fortnight. Fish is still very important on this part of the coast.
What football match is that then? I'm too busy having fish and chips @SteelsRest http://t.co/wdMgk3wQHW
Why is it that banks time code their own currency trades but refuse to do the same with trades for customers?Ans. To skim clients
Message to 2 Eds. You dont have to prove yourselves tougher than the Tories.Just  show you have more economic sense.
Cheer up Ed You're the right man.Just get some experienced advisers, fire the play way kids,and stop pandering to proove respectable
Recovery is too cragile to stand an increase in interest rates which will make £ even higher and boost debt burdens and neg equity
The fight back begins http://t.co/GRZNTxG2fM
Passport delays, prison ezcapez,i ability deal with tax avoidane and failure to spend revional aid all due to public service cuts
Don't re-invade Iraq.Hire G4S to do it
At Ullswater for swimmi ng championships.After thirty years under Labour whips I've mastered the crawl.
Paris is the most vainglorious city on earth.But no sign of recession.Have they banished it to the banlieu?
Sunday times rich list turns out to be Rupe's Christmas card list
Trickle down from the rich does the same for the poor as horse trickle down does for roads.
Paris tu n'as pas change mon http://t.co/xOv9CEZ0XA tu n'as pas change tant mieux Still something like a city not a huddle of suburbs
UK should adopt the French approach to the EU:talk the eurhubarb but so what you want.That's the way to do it.
@matpat112 Just a joke Matt and about EU too.But did you realise Von Rompuy is now available for Grimsby? (Joke no 2).Anyone but Junker
Labour demands all women short list for selection of Commission Presedent
Was Blair channelling funds to mercenaries in Sierra Leone via DFID aid to Ghana?Mysterious £18 million missing See Horsley case
Why is so much of Labour's ability leaving? Will they form a geriatric Labour in exile to take.on teen Labour? Or just crawl off to die?
1
.
I
Queen's speech lite comes with free plastic bag.Provision for regular brushing of teeth omitted as too serious
Best constituency in UK now selecting Lab candidate. Woman up and apply.Now is the time for all good women to come to the aid of Grimsby
@Roll_VT  well spotted!
@mrmarksteel @HouseofTwitsLab it is Elfyn as in Elfyn Safet
Just made 3 Billy bookcases, 2 bedside tables and a Malkom chair for my desk.  Viva Ikea! http://t.co/jno5OYygcY
Just made 3 Billy bookcases, 2 bedside tables and a Malkom chair for my desk.  Viva Ikea! http://t.co/jSqixvzt0g
Just made 3 Billy bookcases, 2 bedside tables and a Malkom chair for my desk.  Viva Ikea! http://t.co/tdgvKkNLfX
Query:Can anyone nominate a dafter subject of study than the £200,000 fund set up by Yorks universities to study "legacy" of Le Tour?
Dont go Nick.The govt needs you as a lightening conductor
Huge loss on mispricing of RMail was just acock up
Shock news.Scotland is much poorer because so much of its economy is fooreign owned.But England'is more so
Why not make Clegg President of EU commizsio then he can bugger that up toi
First and greatest manifesto commitment by UKIP MEPS is to destroy their jobs by leaving EU.T'were well if it were done quickly
A suggestion for UKIP. Use your votes in EU Parliament to get referendum asking each state if it wants more,less,in or out.
So the party of "In" is Out and the party of "Out" is In.Now what does that tell us about how much the Brits love the EU?
It's not Labour's job to say "the  brits don't really want to pull out of EU".Let the people tell us what the want.
Folk dont vote UKIP for it's policies but because they hate the all pervading sense of failure and decline.No one offers hope
@cllrpeck well done Lib Peck plus 56
UKIP replaces LibDems as Britain's bucket to spit into
@flaskman01 so who is Mrs Barr?
A business elite which regards the instrument of its destruction (the EU) as its salvation, deserves all that's coming to it.
@ian_beckett it is simply pouring in Grimsby and has been pouring for hours
@AVMitchell2010 has @McIlroyRory  been listening to the Archers
Has Rory McIlroy been listening to the Archers?
Whose parade is it raining on? Vote early vote often vote Labour
@hamsterlips  Thanks for tribute.Can I help you in any way? Curmudgeonliness is curable love Austin.
What will tomorrow bring? Faragistes and garagistes,Eurofudgers or the sword of socialism?On son fout?
@TCofLondon 
The only way Is Labour
My plaice is at Steels. Your place is in a polling booth sometime tomorrow http://t.co/WGW6yJalGy
Jack Straw's stupid EU voting system stops us voting against the "more Europe" fools.Must vote the list not pick and choose.It elects fools.
Who cares if my Milly can't give the cost of his groceries? I'd worry moly if he knew the cost of a Lambourghini
Credit Suisse pleads guilty and gets massive fine for helping Americans evade tax.When will we know what they've done here?
The political class in pouring out its hatred (really fear) for Farage should realise that it endears him to all who hate  them
Exhumation of Alexander Pope demanded  by women's minister as punishment for the Rape of the Lock
Since parliament has so little to do why doesn't Cameron set  up an All Party Committee to set out rengociation objectives?
In view of crazed opinions of Chatham candidate can we ban all Tristram shortlists?
No recovery without Llibs says Clegg.No disastrous deflation or unnecessary cuts either says Austin
Beaming Barusso white Van Rumpy and the road kill rolling Parliament cost UK £10 billion a year.A bargain for all the fun they give.us.
EU is irrelevant to Euro elections.Since they're about nowt they're a chance to take it out on everybody and air present discontents.Why not
Voters who feel ground down,left behind and betrayed by established politicians and parties identify with Farrage who's persecuted too!
http://t.co/kEmkXT2ES2
@Telegraph
Mine & Prem Sikka's thoughts on the Pfizer takeover. Now with 10% more controversy http://t.co/nwpiKQCVOT
The calm  after the storm http://t.co/zBa38KlRsQ
OED people everywhere decry the rape of rainforest:
destruction, violation,vandalizing, ravaging, pillaging; plundering raiding desecration
Naughty me.Substute rapaciousness before any more Physer defenders  weigh in.
Cameron dare not stop Pfizer because he dare not offend the US in any way.Roll up rapists
Message from the derelict and desolate north to G Osbore's dad in law.Rearrange the following words to form a northern expresseion.Off Frack
Congratulations Winifred Robinson and Sue Mitchell Radio Awards Best interview
 Proud father of Sue
Ey Up.Ian Macmillan for Yorkshire's Poet Laureate.Sitha
Use withdrawal and refusal of honours to punish tax fiddles and avoidance.But which will folk choose-a million quid or an OBE?
Why all this fuss about the "N" word?.It is in fact "Nationalisation"and it's only labour party members who're forbiden it.Clarkson isn't
Are the European elections about the EU or about UKIP? Answers on a ballot paper please.
If houses in London earn more per week than their owners shouldn't the house's earnings and the owner's be added together for tax?
Remember that free schools aren't and public schools aren't either
Cam must stop Pfyzer.We don't want these immigrants taking our jobs
Just arrived at Steels: What a treat. Been looking forward to fish and chips all day
Is the lie that we'd put 3m jobs at risk rhe only defence tbe LibDems can muster for EU membership?They said the same on joing the Euro
Huge loss on RMail sale was just a cock up.BIS thought there was honour among thieves and set the price too low.Govt wanfed rid QED
If man with big hammer treats pro lems as nails how does the man with big mo ney treat them?
Phyzer will keep its promises on jobs and investment in UK in the same way as Kraft did.
Hollande threatens GE with loss of state contracts if it takes Alstom.Why doesnt Cam threaten Phyzer with loss of NHS support?
On Her Majesty’s government service – the inside storyTribune -  http://t.co/8qvRwuiyzM
Just come from the Bailey exhibition.Stunning.How can I compete with my phone/camera?
Can Cam & Clegg agree on enough stuff to fill a Queen's speech ?Or will she have to speak about the regular brushing of teeth?
Has Cameron anything for Parliament to do?Or should we stay home and do Community service,tend the garden or do housework?
@TheOKFoundation send details when and where
Duncan Dallas (RIP) developes the Cafe Scientifique. Now we need Cafes Economique et Politique to combat prevailing ignorance
Pro EU enthusiasts are so busy attacking Farage and UKIP because its so much easier to do that than to defend the EU and the Euro.
Recall of MPs wont work but three year terms for parliament as in Australia and NZ is better.It also stops  parties getting out of touch
End of thinking great thoughts for today.Sending them all to Axelrod COD.Im going for lunch
Farage is the new man on the White Horse.All previous riders Taverne,Jenkins,Clegg have fallen off but the Horse shits on
What Lab must do is scrap the free market/Thatcherite model UK has been run on since 1979 not offer a softer kinder version as in 97 to 20l0
Wave politics happen when 1Growth falters 2 Both parties have failed 3Nation isn't going anywhere.That's the  Clegg or UKIP moment
Welcome to wave politics in which all publicity good or bad builds the wave to UKIP.Only way to defeat UKIP is to shut up about it.
Hoow many albatrosses can David Cameron carry?
EU NATO and UK should butt out of Ukraine.It's Russian sphere of influenc and we can offer them nowt.Except the Euro of course
Piketty taz.Tax all capital(excapt 1 residence) annualy by the difference between capital appreciation and income increase p.a.
5Minute speeches only in HS2 debate.Not worth bothering about.Just time to read the ticket exclusions and the buffet menu
Financial Conduct Authority says RMail share price fiasco is all Govt's fault and it was daft to expect priority shareholders to hold shares
Evocative anniversary.It's 37 years to the dal since I was first elected for Grimsby.28 April 1977.
Glsman is wrong.It's not lack of worker MPs that loses votes for Labour but lack of policies to benefit working class and loss of contact
@LabourHistory
HST2 is a disaster,awaste of money,,a folly,environmentally damaging and unnecessary.But apart from that I'm all for it.In France
If Ozzy can boost stimulus and indicate pre election tax cuts now does he still promise big welfare cuts post election?We should be told
Welcome to f**k Farage month.It shows how panic striken the parties the press and the political class are but it only boosts UKIP
@Complexsci According to Des Wilson the Libs in the eighties were either pillocks perverts or push overs.Plus ca change
Brilliant piece from Des Wilson about Cyril Smith and the Lib Dems in Mail on  Sunday.
Welcome @prems01583469 now twitter will hear some sense
@orlando100388 what is the problem.
How can UKIP make such clever posters without Linton Cosby to advise them?
Cameron goes for God.But what does God think of the Tories?
Cleggie is setting himself up as the EU's white knight and defender in preparation for becoming comissioner &eventually Holy Roman Emperor
Osborn is setting his trap.Infrastructure invest ment,stimulus and promise of tax cuts .Then if they win high interest rates & welfare cuts
Important news from me: https://t.co/eIMSxS3x5t
Important news from me 
Https://YouTube. Com/watch? V=eH548Gf9d74
Liz Fox  Calendar 1968-1970 where are you now? Want to talk to you about my memoir Calendar Boy published in the autumn. Please get in touch
EU delays in regulating biofuels lose Vireol Plant for Grimsby. It stays in USA to create American jobs. Thanks EU incompetence
I am being forced to watch Master Chef.CanDavid Milliband's rescue org help me?I want to kill woman who reads the ingrediants.Help
How many miles do Master Chef contestants have to march before they get to cook?And why?Slim?Build appetite?Fill time?
Evans case.There is some justice.Well not done Nigel.Happy for you
Transport spending per head in London £550 per head.Rest of  country £260.Now they want Crossrail 2 N to S
Read the brilliant analysis of the rackets run by the big four accountancy houses by Prem Sikka and his modest assistant in current Tribune.
KKR took over Boots in a leveraged buy out with a borrowed £9billion and now reduces UK tax by£1 billionpa on the borrowing
Ed.Don't hire yet another teenage smarty pants to advise you on Ed selling.Go populist.Get with the people and ordinary families
Why does reet royal George have a Spanish nanny? Why not a Yorkshire nanny so he grows up to speyk reet?
Stop hounding M Miller.She's right to support her parents in a house she had before election and IPSA's rules are daft.
Of course Farage shouldn't appear in the pre election leader debates. But then neither should Clegg
Of course maria Miler shouldnt face any sanctions for looking after mum at public expense ,She's not Labour.
Libs withdraw support from bedroom tax. University fees next. "It's all been a terrible mistake" says Farron "We sd have gone with Labour"
Tories want wind turbine manufacturers in Britain but not wind farms.Is this schizophrenia or simple stupidity?
Threat to 100 MPs. Glaass roof of Portcullis house is now more cracked than the inmates..Expect 100 by-elections.
Local TV. What London gets tonite-London Live- Grimsby got months ago-Estuary TV. Grimsby's is better
This nasty Parliament,the nastiest ever,is dying on its feet.Put it out of it's misery for sanity's sake
Osbo the impaler,Cam the evader and Cleggie the prater,rhe hard working Happydrone 3 are UK's best government since 2010
Hard working hypocrits,half wits,harridens,Haleyburians,hittites,hopeless horrors,haters,mad hatters,and horrible hooligans vote Tory.
Abstained on welfare cap.Level of welfare spending depends on state of economy.Run it for growth as Labour must and welfare bill falls
Ukraine ga ve up it's nukes and is now invaded.What lessons should Iran draw from this?
Farage won the LBC debate.Nick's only line was fear creation.Et we have a huge visible trade deficit with EU and a £10bn net contribution.
John Mills's book There is an alternative is dead right.The key is a competitive £.Unless we get the £ down we've had it
Ukraine could have a worse fate than Russian invasion.They  could join EU and be forced to accept the Euro.
Remember you'll live 15 years after retiremenr. Lambourghini won't  last that long
Lab supports welfare cap in the same spirit as Rooseveldt campaigned for a balanced budget in 1932 presedential election
Capitalist rule: what belongs to all of us can be sold to some of us.But what belongs to some of us cant be sold or taken by all of us
@ShonaMcIsaac ???
ATOS lied in it's application for PIP assessment.DWP was in such a hurry to get going it never checked.So thousands face long delays
Evening Std says it's "a budget for London".Wll it'certainly not a budget for Grimsby!
Not a bad budgef so far but 4 years late.The vicious nastiness of austerity has killed growth since 2010 .
Recovery? rising pound and rising house prices brought on the crisis last time
No sanctions on Rusia.Ukraine is none of our business.Dangerouse to escalate
Is National Wesstminster's  NAT YES campaign running in S cotland? Sdnt Bank of England counter it  with NAT NO or  NOT YES?
Osborne to introduce tax breaks for companies employing ex Tory MPs after the next election
Poverty UK. Why not make all debts contracted at interest rates (APR)of over 40% unenforcable in law? Simple
@casual_golfer or should it be illegible?
No sa ctions onRussie.Ukraine is none of our buziness and we shouldn't esclate a messy and dangerous siruation.Cut the crap and the rhetoric
Grimsby Town 3 Wrexham 1.Yippee
Who's worth more :a nurse or a banker?
Public sector pay freeze while banks and corporation are stuffing executive pockets with bonuses is obscene
Look how the Tories love Bob Crow now he's dead. What will they say about my friend Arthur?A CBE? A knighthood ?A peerage?
Cleggie's been taking the Tory pills.At PM'QTs he outnastied Cam,told bigger lies about Labour and praised Tory policies more.Join em Nick
Why is ABP trying to wreck the Able wind turbine develpment on the S Bank? Youve got Seimens for Hull.Now give us a chance.Stop bullying!
EU membership shackles us to a dead elephant and charges us £10 billion a year for it
Ed.Dont rat on referendum.The people want to be heard.
Labour held the first and so far only referendum on EU.It promised one in 2005 then copped out.It shpuld support one now.Let people speak
A first on IWD @MrPeterKeith the first man to attempt to reclaim the seat of his wife Shona McIsaac MP Cleethorpes 1997-2010
Hot news from Cleethorpes and congratulations to @mrpeterkeith  Well done..The next Labour govt depends on yo,u.
Quesque se passe a Cleethorpes? Il est tard et le monde attend !
Treat Crimmea and its referendum like Scotland:tell them they wont be allowed to join the EU and will get bubonic plague if they leave .
Britain's industry is best in the world at making excuses for failure.Products,investment and co.mpetiti veeness?They're another matter.
Whose side was Ukraine on in the war daddy?
@tidyboiler you can't get away with racism or sexism or xenophobia but you reckon it is ok to insult and abuse the old?
The rich got the tax cuts but the poor will be asked to pay for the  infrastucture by increased charges
Lotus eating is over.We've cut taxes and neglected the infrastructure.Now chickens come home to roost in declining infrastructure
Promise of tax cuts reveals the lie behind tory economic policy which was cut everything to close the deficit.It still gapes.
@cleechron er....er...better late than never
Just read government's infrastructure plans.Am buying shares in cone manufacturing company
Merkel creates big problem for Labour:join Euro and central group or be relegated to periphery.Milliband cant accept either.
Merkel's speech:total Ejro potboiler stuff with no comfort for Cameron or his euro sceptic tormentors.Or Britain
After 30 years of cuts,devlining infrastructure,meaness to the poor and failure to invest its ti me to reverse priorities.But who'll do it?
Who denounced "the representatives of predatory wealth",their oppression of wageworkers and cushing of competition?Not Ed but Ted.
Stock market is forever blowing bubbles.Now with FTSE at 6,800 it's higher than pre-crash and certain to burst.Get out now.Like Soros.
Statement at 3-30Ukraine,Syria,Iran and anything else that comes to mind on a miserable Monday.
Archie Mitchell.(grandson)is Yprkshire champion at 1,500 meters swimming at toxay's Yorkshires.Reet champion lad
Economic recovery is petering out before it even reaches the North.Osborne will have to spend and invest to boost it or loose in 2015
Lab must not become the EU party..We need renegociation too.1)pay less 2)support manufacturing 3)control our fis4)EU failing
Instead of bullying  Scotland  govt should offer devo max:effective independance within UK.We sd have offered that to Ireland a century ago
ATOS wasn't threatened.It was a bum company doing  bum tests and deserves to be penalised.Job sd be done by pu blic employees
20.14 will be a grim year.Council cuts and closures,cop cuts ,NHS,accumulating debt and more shoplifting ,crime of povertyTory localism
The fact that my friend Rupe didnt mind his humiliation bh a Chinese gold digger made public by the Tony's butt note shows him a true journo
Judge Hutton to sue Good Butt Blair for calling him a creep and a government push over
Q&A DearTony. I believe in equality,publiic spending and progressive taxation.A.Tough up and take some sleeping pills
Blair's advice to Brooks was Teflon Tony's usual way of escaping blame by the Hutton-Houdini whitewash trick he regularly pulled
Why isn't Gordon Broon honest enough to tell Scots that if they vote for Home Rule they'll get bubonic plague and their balls will drop off
This isn't a real recovery.Rising pound and rocketing house prices are what brought on the disater before and Osbo is just repeating them
When EU,IOD,BBA,CBI and Osborne all speak with one voice to threaten Scotland you k ow they  must be wrong
Should Ed hug a banker? Yes. yes Yes. Tightly round the throat.
Longer school days a la Truss.When I went to school in France(lycee)in 1949 we started at 8 and didnt go home till 7.I was knackered
If Tories are serious about keeping Scotland (which they aren't] they should stop bullying and offer Devo Max plus devolution all round
Us dinner. Scots beef, Yorkshire potatoes and beans. http://t.co/0jWvLF0xtl
Lab Lib coalition is always possible if we need it.But not with Cleggie.How can we believe a word he says?Go to EU Cleggie & clear  the way
Why do Tories believe  what Baruso says about Scotland having to rejoin the EU but not what he says on the impossibility of UK renegociation
Baruso is the perfect Eurocrat;an oleagenous creep with a frog face who talks total tosh to earn his fat salary from a corrupt con
Cam has only 2 answers at PM'SQQT 1"my hon friend is absolutely right"and "the hon member opposite is totally wrong and possibly insane"
If the south recovers and the north doesn't the need for regional policy,more regional spending and devolution to the North become glaring
Now the effluent has hit the affluent they'll understand the need for government intervention,state protection and public spending
Baruso joins the scarecrows.He lies.If Scotland goes for HR then England is a new country too and should reapply.Good chance to go!
Message to all three parties:stop bullying Scotland!The north iswatching you and Scotland is our front line.Do them down and you kick us
By-elections are a chance to kick goct in tbe balls  and warn  them divorce will follow unless they   stop frigging around
V much enjoyed Duck House.But it's really about naughty Tories.Labour MPs didn't get  laughs.Only jail
By alternatively threatening and patronising Scotland  the anti home rulers are putting Scottish backs up and loosing the vote.Stupid!
If Labour wants hit squads in failing schools why not failing companies,banks,shops,charities and boy scout packs?
Eric Pickles is govt's plug in the dyke for its flood defence failures.Takes a tyke to talk the twits and twerps out of their flooded holes.
My new sat-nav is very posh.It pronounces Hull as Howell instead of Ull.Is it because I'm going to Kikella?
Claims that Independant Scotland can't keep the pooond are as stupid as they're wrong.What's to stop them?
Cameron the  new Baldwin?Balls!!Baldwin devalued,rearmed built houses and concilated.Cam is knee to groin divisive
Back to the fun factory to watch the tumbleweed blowing across the chamber because the coalition can't agree on anything for us to do
Cost of keeping 1000 foreign criminals in jail for year instead of deprting is £28 million.
Coalition is good.It's divided,inept,clumsy hydra headed and choatic but open so at least we know what's going on instead of told  lies .
NOTICE TO DONERS.  Please make your contributions to Conservative party before 1April to be considered for government posts and Honours.
I will vote to ban smoking with kids in the car.If my kids smoke in my car I'll drive them straight to the cop shop
Economists say businesses must raise wages to boost demand.Pickles tells local govt to pay less and privatise.Who's right?
Whatever Scotland decides the North will be the fall guy unless it stands up,fights for itself.Demand devolution from the hulk
Three months back Barclays wrote  demanding my passport account details and proof that I existed.Had my gen been stolen?
Louise Mensch's denu nciation of Tory posh boy's club hostility to women has been unavoidably postponed.How tweet!
Development in North isnt helped by expensive daft gestures like Tour de France or round world yachts.We need jobs not frogs
Whether Scotland goes or stays the worst consequences fall on the North.We need devolution too! Poer to the North.
Glad McShane released.Should never have been prosecuted.Why was Priveleges Com so hard on him but so easy on Laws?
Neo-liberalism is the creed of greed.It destroys social cohesion and allows the well-off to slough off the obligations we have to each other
'
For Boris a platform is to get on the train not take on the journet:2009 "aticket office at every station" 2014 "close the lot" Chutzpah
Ofsted sd i nspect acadamy chains as it does LEAs..To propose Agnew,Tory donor and head of a chain as chair of Ofsfed is corrupt.Tasteless
Euro crisis aint over yet.Greece will break,Germany wont pay,France will fail,bankers will want paying back and Euro bank cant print
Lawson. "When 3 parties agree it's wrong".eg EU,privatisation,free markets,de-regulation and all other seeds of disaster.
Balls is daft tlo pledge a surplus by 2020..Economic conditions then may  need a deficit.Targets unrelated to conditions are insane
Misere me,lackaday  dee.Guido Fawkez announces not only that I'm retiring but also the name of my successor
Gove is today's James I: the mosr inteligent fool in Christendom.Only someone really smart could turn himself into a clown so quikly.
Of course Cove had to fire Sally Morgan.She hadb't contributed a penny to tbe Tory party.There aren't enough jobs for those wbo have.
Tory case against raising top tax to 50p.1) it wont raise much 2)it will drive the rich out of UK 3)anything else they can think of 4)Duhhh
@GrangerKate come on Kate we need you
Pete Seegar's death is a tragedy.But he should never have sung Abby Yo Yo.God bless the Weavers .They inspired my generation of geriatrics
PM'QT is a barrage of overcooked custard pies thrown against a shower of soggy blancmanges all prepared by semi literate chefs.QED
After 4 years of flat lining the Tories have got growth up to 2% Nd claim its a miracle.Pathetic.GDP is still not back to 2008 level.
Euro crisis aint over yet.Greece will break,Germany wont pay,France will fail,bankers will want paying back and Euro bank cant print
Lawson. "When 3 parties agree it's wrong".eg EU,privatisation,free markets,de-regulation and all other seeds of disaster.
@Jane16Jt @TheOKFoundation  yes I will please send details
Treasury crits Hodge for scaring firms off.That means its Treasury policy to go easy on their taxes because its scared of frightening them
A govt which has set back recovery for three years and wasted all the growth we should have had in rhem now claims that its due to plan!
Finance wants the BofE to increase interest rates.They won't dare until after the election
Misere me.Lackaday dee.Guido Fawkes not only announces  that I'retiring but alzo the name of my successor.Firey pants.Should've asked me
Johnny  Cash."Don't take your guns to town son.Leavee
New welfare tests for EU immigrants : agree that Germany caused WW one or lose benefits
Ch 4 is doing too much crap TV demonising the poor.Why not crap classes:the sordid,greedy lives of the rich and famous?
Eri"Tub" Pickles believes less means better and more effevtive when it comes to local govt spendi ng.Food is another matter.
Why  doesn't Labour propse a Peoples Bank like the Kiwi bank  which has been such  a huge success  i n New Zealand.A super POSB
NAo report on confiscation orders says £99.65 of every £100generated by criminal acti vity is kept by thr perpetrators.Just likebanking!
PAC sessio n.on free schools reveals the huge potential for fiddles by  fees, contracts and ervices from friends and relatives
Fed up of the demonisation of teachers.It's stupid of Labour to join it
Johnny Cash:"Don't take your guns to town boy..Leave your guns at home son.Don't take your guns to town"
@CallumStanland1 @IanLaveryMP 
of course I will
DEFRA announces that the floods have washed away the goal posts
Osborne's prophecy of 10 years hard is his cunning plot to push the Scots out
Osbore to punish the poor by £12  bn more cuts to rally them back to Labour.Unfair socially.Insane economically.Ethically unforgivable
What  a silly row over 1914-18 war.Both sides malign the memory of those who died.Right or wrong they died for Britain
How come the Tories who' ve told us the debt buden is the paramount issue can peomise pension increases and tax cuts but we can't?
Govt to sell council housing at 70% discount will destroy ability to respond to need, empower private rentals and cost more in benefit.
1984 papers show Scargill was right after all. Government lied on pit closures. Cameron to offer full public apology.
Hot News from Grimsby :No Romanian or Bulgarian immigrants arrived in North East Lincs today..One  suspected Yorkie in Cleethorpes
Ian Duncan Smith transferred from DWP to solve goat's cheese crisis hitting middle classes.The goats have moved the goat posts
Hot news from Grimsby.No Romanians or Bulgarians arrived in North East Lincs today. One suspected Yorkie in Cleethorpes
Just read NZ Integrity report.Much  betfter than superficial and complacent British Integrity report last year.
Welcome 2014.The days of the deficit doomsters are over.But will they tell Danny Alexander?
You don't have to give money to the Con Party to get an honour these days.But it helps
If George Osborne is Briton of the year the year should be 1931
@dfc_GY You're absolutely right!Can you help me with a few directions.Where is it? how do I get there?Have you missed me?
Tragedy I am expelled from the Koru Club where NZs elite meet and eat. Worse than expulsion from House of Lords. A Kiwi pariah
In thirties Social Credit was rejected. Now its official policy in US and UK but  the credit expansion is given to the banks not the people
Merry Christmas to both my readers. Being in New Zealand I am a day ahead of you.
How many albatrosses can Cameron carry through 2014?
@GeorgeFoulkes @HouseofTwitsLab don't be daft George.Only labour MPs get sent to jail.Laws is LibCon
@peter_levy good interview tonight on power companies. Tough questions well done.
Britain.Borrowing overseas to pay for imports,internally to finance deficit.Companies hung with debt.People borrowing to keep going
Britain: one nation under debt.Wheere the government dare not raise interest ratees because  it  would crucify millions and choke the courts
Amazing!For four years Rev Flowers has been running the Labour party Ed Balls and ruining  Co-op Bank and govt did nothing!
Welcome to the pree election run thru the sewers whi ch began last week.2014 will be the year of dirty underpant politics a Cameron forte
@andrewpercy @HullUniPolSoc 
we can give you a lift there, but not back
@andrewpercy we can give you a lift there, but not back
@SirGrimsby it was a dyslexic chimp
All the abuse of Hull is petty and small minded.Hull deserves hug e congrats on a real achievement which thhe Soth Bank shares.Brilliant!
Congratulations to Hull City of Culture with Grimsby as its cultural annex :so far from heavan.So close to Hull.
Congratulations to Hull City of Culture from Grimsby Economic Capital of UK
Observer asks what does Cameron the chameleonnn actually stand for.Answer? Anything that keeps him in power
Nice ceremoony for the oppening of Mathew Telford Parby Brigadier Bibby and Grenadier Guards band.Great occasion
Since Sri Lanka govt refuses enquiey and rejectts Cameron's pleas he and Hague must leave immediately
Imperitive that Sri Lankan president should not preside over Commonwealth for next two years
DWP is adump.IDS good man gone bad.Freud chicken a nasty.Webb a creep.McVeigh afool and PermSec a smart Alec.Collectively pathetic
Obsession with debt has tttrapped Tories;cant cut taxes,offer election bribes or borrow and spend.Self emasculationn is painfull
Best attendance ever at Grimsby Cenotaph for Remembrance Sunday.Grimsby has always done its duty superbly.We remember
Dear George. I saw what looked like the recovery in Victoria st at 7-30 but it moved on  before I could ask it.Wasit a mirage or real?
Just back from city.How much more opulant better dressed smarter and richer they all look than in Westminster village! Poor us!
HMRC allows Google et al to pretend that their business is all done in Ireland not here to make amends for black and tans
Wait six months for the court cases and reposessions and the housing assocs unable to borrow or build.Then they'll realise
Bedroom tax debate was the worst Iv'e ever heard.Tories stupid.LibDem minister pathetic LibDems divided.Pathetic level.
Slinging off at MPs is the lowest form of poklitical activity.It's the practice of those too stupid to do anything about the real problems
@In2townmagazine Rubbish rubbish rubbish. If you want to harass and lie about people talk sense and put blame on govt not its opponants
Spy chiefs attack Guardian for showing what buggers they are but say their buggery was legal and safe.Contradiction?
@In2townmagazine I cant justify it but it's this government's policy not mine.How do you justify eating when people starve?Give to food bank
@In2townmagazine Good point. I hope you're asking the same of the Government whose policies are causing so much hardship to old people
Guesses on 26 Nov great event getting warrm.3 correct..Get ready Grimsby.
@In2townmagazine what is In Town mag?Do you have to be Tory to write for it or just daft?
GRIMSBY.Get fingers out thinking caps on.What's our great event on 26 November?Tell the world
Who is Labour for???
Cameron is on the side of big corporations,the rich,the multinationals,the City.the banks and all the hard faced men who've done so well
CBI TELLS PARTIES NOT TO PLAY POLITICS.THAT'S THE CBI'S JOB
CBI warns that it would be disastrous to leave EU just as they said it would be disastrous not to join the Euro
Still no good guesses on the great event on 26 November.Think Grimsby think!
@riffraff1 9
@riffraff1 no wrong. It could be that
I decided to stay on becsuse of the pay increade but it is not
There'll be a great event in Grimsby on 26 November.Guess what.
Sunday Politics.Andrew Neil doesnt interview people.He hectors them.Can we have a follow up programme giving them the right of reply?
The trundling Tory vandalwaggon having vandalised welfare public services and the economy is moving on to the BBC
Didn't vote on HST.Why bother?It won't happen and it'll be cheaper to move Brum 20 minutes nearer London..It's a  train drrain
Llegg wont play with Labour's next government unless we vote for HS2.Best argument yet for opposing it
Arts a nd cultulture spending £69 per head London,£4-60 in rest of country.No doubt govt will use this as an argument forr HS2
Open government begins at QE 2 centre behind big police cordon and barracades
Britain's corrupt ruling class enriches itself,fiddles its taxes,sells everything toforeigners but  punishes the people and the poor
Euro governments protest loudly at US bugging..British government threatens the Guadian for exposing the bugging
PAC's quiz of HMRC shows that government gives big .corporations tax fiddles as a form of subsidy.Ccheaper and more secret
Hedge fund makes £100 million on Royal Mail shares.Why bother investing in production?
Cameron is a chameleon.First hug hoody,then hug a husky next hug a homosexual,then hug a hardworker.Now its hug a power company.
Cam says he'll ditch HS2 unless Labour commits to it.Give him the excuse he wants for heavens sake
Brown leaved Grimsby.Beautifull in autmn and blossoming inspring.Rest of year nice.
Phibbs on tenants facinng bedroom tax stopping claiming altogether to get jobs is just that.Phibbs. no one knows
Merkel's phone WAS tapped.Denial speaks only of NOW.We now need to know whether Cameron's Brown's Blair's were too.Tell us!
Kevin from Grimsby say he's proud to come from Gy.It's a lovely place.Dead right Kev.Make us proud!
Sun's report on monday about my luxury trip to Oz about  huge surfing schhool in Cleethorpes overstated costs by including bodyguards
Boris is right#telegraph. Let young aussies kiwis canadians in to work. Present regulations would have stopped Rutherford
Featured in roday's Sun as rhe beneficiary kof a luxury trip to Oz.Unfair! I was only going to learn surfing to develop it in Cleethorpes!
Is the National Westminster Bank's new advertising sloganNAT YES being used in Scotland?Shouldn't it feature Alec Salmond.?
Great news.South cut off by stoppage on E Coastt main line.Sign the petition not to remove it!
Nuclear deal with EdF is a bummer.Prrice too high.NOW ALLOWANCE FOR HUGE COSTS OF WASTE and their 2 europwean jobs years late
Read Milliband pere's postscript to Parliamentary socialism.It's clear Lab will never be socialist unless we redeefine socialism
If power is too dear wear a jumper.Rather than have unregulated Chinese nuclear plants I'll wear two jumpers
Why all the fuss about China.when wee've always been closer to India,share histtpric and Commmonnwealth ties , and owe more to her
I Chinese nukes are that good let's put them in Knutsford (sweet) And Witney (sour) to show how safe and reliable they are
Read M Meachers excellent book "The State We Need".Shows what a mess we're in.and what Labour must do to get out of it
National union of creeps & Sycophhants welcomes firi ng of Diane Abbot "shadow ministers must support Tory policy without grumbling"
New shadows Hunt on free schools,Reeves on work shy both talking populist- Tory crap.Cen we have some Labour policies please?
Milliband's reshuffle very smart but is two Hunts on the front line going to C problems?
@AVMitchell2010 They're bungling the Royal Mail sale and selling too cheaply.Labour should commiit jto renationalisation.
Told Ed not tp consider me in his reshuffle being over 18
Resuffle of twits announced on twitter.But no reshuffle can be suuccesful which leaves George (Snowden)Osborne as Chancellor
By their dads shall ye know them.Part two.Rupert Murdoch's father hated Britain and Rupe doesn't like it much.
Marvellous book: Myths,Politicians and Money by Bryan Goukl.Read it and sing "Will Ye No Come Back Again"
Ask yourselcf: do you hate Britain enoubgh to believe what the Mail says about it?How sad you must be if you do
Next week's D Mail:Ted Heath.The man who hated Britain,sold out to the EU and gave away  the power of Parliament and goverment
Missed Cmeron's speech cos of physiotherapy.Was it worth missing? Reports please.
@BatleyBrag this year I missed only my second conference in forty years and that throughillness
All party conferences are an outpourinng of half truths vfor half wits whose only purpose is to applaud not think QED
Since he wants to punish the unemployed why doesnt Osbeau  brinng back the stocks and charge for rotten tomatoes to throw at them?
If the Tory party is for hard workiing people why are so many of them sat round in Mcr doing bugger all?
TV's leader debates in 2915 must be either 4 party or (preferably) 2.No reason for 
Clegg to be there if UKIP arent.Theyre now the 3rd party
National union of behind fridge cleaners welcomes Cameron's £1000 tax cut fot couples "We will redouble our cleaning"
Socialism never failed.Mandy and Blair locked it in the attic which caused the free market failure of 2008.We need a balance
Good conf' brilliant  leader,nice policies to sell.We're on our  way  whiich means Torides and media allies will go into overdrive!
Pictured: The Queen's sitting room at Balmoral... and a photo of great http://t.co/NjcHSYmfSv via @MailOnline
On my way to the Public Accounts Comittee http://t.co/N4lWoyfwwG
IDS's single ccredit is now dead..Too messy to implement before election and he'll be out after.QED
Brilliant speech Ed because it came from the heart aand hit the right theme:Britain. can not only do better it deserves much better Cheers
200 000 houses a year is too low an aspiration.Weneed that number of public houses for rent alone.That's the key need
Godfrey Bloom to appear at Leeds city varieties 25 to 30 September.Book early
The only waty to reduce the housing benefit bill is to build mpre public housing for rent.Why dont we?
Today's McBride -Prosser revelations make me sick.How could  they betray the Labour party like that?
Nnew revelation;75% of last Laabour govt's  advisers  swere certfiabmly iinsane
Mc Bride's bullying bubles and Wgg-prosser 's possings mske the last Labour government mllook like an ESN browsnie pack on sspeexds
Bye bye LibDems..Nice people not to do business with.Theyre not,as Clegg claimed,partners in government but its back seaft drivers
GDP 4% down.Unemployment 500,000 up.Household incomes down.4 years of growth lost. Clegg's " record to be proud of"
Clegg is another Bambi rapidly growing into another Blair. Exactlyy why Labiour should avoid him as coalition partner
It's amazing that after the LibDems have achieved so much and won so many policy changes from the Tories that we're in such a mess
Clegg conned conference.Affordable housibg is neither an alternative to social housing nor affordable.We need so cial and council housibng
LibDems want to be a third governing pArty.i.e. a limpet looking for rock.Next time the rock will be us.
Why have the LibDems endorsed nuclear power just as the rest og the world abandons it?Because they've got to be contrarian.
@andrew_kitching - dyslexic.
Renationalise Royal Mail at share price or sail price whichever is lower.Labour should commit to that now
Thompson.The BBC "had more senior managers more directors and a larger Exec Com than was necessary" so why didnt he fire some before 2010?
Pres Assad needs a chin.Send your coontribution to zChinless Wonder Funderc.o.o.Chin Chins Damasccus
Cameron D (Westminster Acadamy) wishes to resit Syrian studies A level.
What a shame to sew how upset rhe establishment get when told they can't bomb at will and how lonely thee US will be
Last night's vote shows parliament is fed up of being trickes into war by vainglorious leaders.
Good speexch by Cameron in defence of incomprefhensible policy.Milliband's even better.Not the wasste of time I expected
Would Cameron please explain what he's trying to do.Preferably in Englisg
Punish Assad for poison gas  then what? A bit more?Wait til next time?Resume xmas cards?Sell him more jets?
Cam puts on weight but not gravitas
Recallling Parliament means they want to bomb someone.It'll be done by G4S on a PFI contract.
Time now to announce thet Labour will cancel HS2 in2015.We've got far better ways to waste money
Recovery denyers to face sanctions.Mr Recovery,Geo Osborne announces punishments including Specsavers and ATOS exams
Sseen any sign of the great recovery yet? If so contact George Osborne.Reward offerered for early reports up to May 2015
Go home asylum seeker vans all to be transferred to Grimsby to warn Yorkshirefolk to return to their hovels or face consequences
Why does labour wait so lo g to reject even Tory policies which are moraly wrong and dishonest?  Don't we recognise what's right any more?
The only way out oc recesseion is to increase the spend.the role and the power of government and workers.The Tories have done the opposite
If Labour doesnt abolish zero hours contracts immediately it abolishes any decent society. Dont dither. Announce we will scrap it.
SciPut lodgers in spare bedrooms,rent the drive,asylum seekers in the shed and bring frackers into the lawn and you're rolling in it
Muddie Bluez ain't my kind of music.Lets  have goodnbarn storming Trad.When Ed's Saints go marching in!
How dosta celebtate Yorkshire Day? A good rub down wi' Millstone grip in t' morning and extra vinegar on thi chips at neet
Is Osborne incharge while Cams on his hols?Is there no provision for any degree of adult surpervision?
2nd Quarter growth-0.6% don't make a recovery.It was higher in 3rd quarter 2012  and still leaves us 3.3% behind 2008 and 13% below norrmal
Lynton Crosby the best spin bowler the Australians have in the UK at the moment
When Parliament comes back can we have credits for PMQ's? Cam's jokes by....Dog Whistles by...Ed's  jokes by...
Ipso,Ipsa,Ipsat, ipsamusamus ,ipsis ipsis.
On so many pain killers today i'm even begining to believe George Osborne's policies might work.By the time King:-George is on the throne
UKs CW deal was we send them manufactures & capital and they us brains and cheap food.Now other send the goods and EU stops the food'.
Ministers used to formulate policy wiith MPs.Now its done my Mi nisters and advisers ant the PP's job is just to chant it  loudly
In next P we need credits for PM'sQT.Cameron's jokes by....Ed's by....Noises off by (long list + assorted animals)Best dog whistle by...
Next go in the govt's great jetison of election rubbish? HST2!.Costs horrendous.Benefits few.Better spent on road and rail now
Govt will  now proclaim every slight flicker as Recovery.EU will say its the end of Euro crisis.Dont believe either.It'Lowlands for years
If Lab accepts austerity what do we attack the government on?They attack us on our record,weakness,soft on welfare etc.We've no response
Can the coalition blame Labour for the economy the NHS education and anything else itt messes up?Why not. Theyve no other policy but blame
Disgusting attempt by the party which has wasted 3 billion on a futile restructuring to blame NHS problems on Labour.
@andy_murray do you eat a lot of cheese?
Why don't all those leaders ministers and creeps whove  denounced IPSA's proposed pay increase for MPs give up all salary above MP rate?
Why are ministers so surprised at the behaviour of G4S A4E and Serco.Don't they know Capitalism cheats and cuts corners.As it will with Post
All the ministers and leaders who've denounced the IPSA pay  increase for MPs will of course renounce the extra salarry they get.
With all our leaders at Wimbledon a nation asks "where is Nick Clegg?Is he minding the shop?
@MumsnetTowers yes certainly
77 year drought must end on 7/7. #comeonandy
Good debate on EU.I suppport the referenddum bill but am off sick.But why not a referendom NOW.What are the Eurocreeps scared of?
Mark Byford gets a million quid. Christa Akroyd gets the boot.That's BBC priorities for women and the regions
MP's pay.1)It's frozen until May 2015. 2)No increase yet announced 3)MPs cant  vote on it.4)So why dont the anti MP loudmouths shut up?
Calendar.. Get smart. Hire Christa.Now.Don't let the best woman on TV go to waste. Bring her back home.
How many of those appearing at Glasto this year (on stage not in the audience twerp) are old agw pensioners?
Change the Bank's requirement from inflation to competitiveness and use quantitive easing money for social housing projects
Juzt finiished Davenport-Hines An English Affair. Brilliant.But how nasty,,stupid credulous and crude we all were in 63.We were all guilty
Scrapping thee first week of JSA is the most dastardly dirty mean and unfaitr act of this ggovernment  of dastards
Danny Alexander. Talks big but nothing under the kilt..His stimulus £100bn.Obama's $780 bn
Q.What would Labour borrow? A.As much as it takes to get the economy growing ,jobs created and public revenues growing.
What has happened to the £49 billion fund Gezza propsed for thw regions? Who stole it? where' the money gone? Search Osbore!
Loan sharks arise!George Osborne is making Britain a land fit for loan sharks to thrive in
The Tory party should learn from the ALP.A spill for Chancellor is their only hope now
Gillard gone but what happens tp the kangaroo she's knitting?
Watch Osbore's great conjurinng trick tomorrow.The first chancellor to kill the rabbits beforre he pulls them from the hat
Continue Quantitive easing but instead of giving the money to banks use it to finance big public sector hhouse building contracts
Dissavow austerity Ed.It doesent work.It punishes our people and the only way out is to borrow and spend
We've walked into a cunning trap.No sooner did Labour announce conversion to austeriy than Ozzie announces big investment prog
Expect Toriees to  clutch exery splutter,twitch and mini improvement as the symptoms of a real recovery.They won't be
We're now creating the impression that all 3 parties support austerity. Not true.Labour is for growth and jobs
@@isaacpolitics1 There are four ways to deal with a financial crisis 1)inflate 2)deflate 3)devalue 4)default..Osborne wrongly chooses 2)
Debt crises like ours are credit booms gone bust caused by banking folly but then used by governments to punish the people
Dear Ed This isn't 1997.Not time to be responsible by accepting Tory cuts.People need hope,change & growth
A quiz.How many of thej new police Commissioners are a) mad b)nepotists c)useless d)marvellous?
Cleggie to demand  PR as price of any coalition.Only three years too late
What  is EU Commissioner Barosso doing at the G8? What right has he to be there? Is he making the tea?
If Assad wins wont he be so weakened,damaged and discredited that a bankrupt Syria will cease to be a menace?
Cameron says he'll attract corporations to Britain by cutting tax.Why bother? They don't pay it anyway!
@Jamiedlynch what a really nasty accusation
Still no Doonesburhy. How can we last 3 months without it? Bring in emergency supplies, create a generic substitute,repeat. But do summat
Out of hospiital today for R&R after 11 days of superb treatment.Kings Colllege Hospital and staff are world class.Humble thank you
Tax Justice to lecture G8 on tax reform and country by country declaration of trading and profits as will now be required by EU
City's new statue of Tax Liberty to be inscribed "Give me your rich,your greedy,your launderred moneyy yearning to be Free".(C:PWC)
In Britain we let our tax avoidance industry draw uo our tax legislation to save money and avoid prison.Now theyll also enforce Anti abuse
Why does no one in British security ever blow the whistle on malpractice as Edward Snowden has done?Public school chaps dont.Unless paid
Why has channel Four chucked away it's greatest asset @Rory Bremner. Four is only 1.5 without Rory
Should Labour accept Osbore's spending plans? No! But only because they're wrong,vicious,mean,malevolent,regressive,divisive.and prejudiced.
Why didn't  Wm Hague (little brother) ask me before saying the Brits don't mind US Surveillance of our internet.I do.Please delete me .
@bob_knightofold true but he couldnt have done it alone see greens book
If government has done nothing wrong why dont they release the papers on the murder of Hilda Murrell?
Where is Doonesbury? Missing from the Guardian for three days.
Why did US bail the banks? 72% pof its workers live pay chequr to pay cheque and there are 70million hand guns.So imagine if the ATMs close
Support from the top for hurt Austin Mitchell http://t.co/gAUWjA1z1P
Wife forbids tweeting from Kings College hospital coronary care unit unless I ask nurse to check spelling
Austerity is the pnishment imposed byy rulers on the people for their own failures incompetance and stupidity
@SimonBowens in hospital
No arms for Syria. We couldn't control who gets them and Russia would escalate arms to Assad. How can we take sides in a madhouse?
Parliamentarians who accept or ask for cash for Qs are not only corrupt but stupid so what they're selling (themselves) isn't worth buying
Balls is wrong to aim at respectability by cutting. Austerity won't work.What Labour needs is a plan for growth and jobs to give hope.
1930's UK built 3 million houses for sale and 700,000 council houses.Resullt? Recovery contributing  30% to increase in employment
One of the killers of drummer Rigby said "We want to start a war in London"Any one who attacks Moslems or mosques helps him.Don't.
Osborne's claims that seven smaall depts have coughed up cuts showws that he's in a weak position with the rest
Put Dave Hartnett in charge of fee collection for Deloittes then he can bankrupt them by waiving fees to establish relationships
Do customers of Deloitte know that Dave Hartnett is happy to give away millions to build relationships?
When the going gets tough the tough get to Ibiza.But I remember what they did to Jim Callaghan when he returned from Guadeloup
All the multinationals who dodge our taxes say they'll pay all taxes due.So why not impose an exxcess profits tax levying tax  dodged?
Terrorists want retaliation to produce conflict and violence between communities.Those who respond to this are as mad as the terrorists
I deplore the attacks on Grimsby's mosque. The mosque is welcome.It preaches peace.Attackers are doing exactly what the terrorists want.
What Britain needs most now is a huge building programme of public housing for rent  for the huge number who can buy.Finance by QE
Join the lucky Eton sperm club to reach the top:59% of cabinet 35% of MPs 45% of top civil servants 54% of top journos who DK real people
EDL has no place in Grimsby.We're a proud patriotic town proud of our heroz not our hooligans.
Think how many destryers we could have at a billion each for all the money wasted on bigsubs and carriers.Let the US do the big stuff.
Cuts,austerity and no boost to borrowing to get growth are the only things this knackered coalition can now agree on.Their sole bond:misery
Just sponsored a Jobs Fair in Gy town hall. Huge success.Must do another but they rated me as uneet and unemployable and looking like mafia!
IMF  reneges on its own bad advice.With friends like that Osborne's clearlhy wrong
Cleggie wants to get back to governing.Haing made such a mess of the economy so far some one should stop him.
Can it be true that IPSA the guardian of MPs is hiring Matrix at £600 per hour to defeat Stuart Jackson'fight for fairness?Bastards
Chrat is cheat. Manned is ancient English for personed and I have just had a cataract removed and can only see as well as Clegg
Labour sd  remember that capitalism will always chrat because it's manned by greedy bastards motivated by money.QED.
Politics is reduuced to money men veersus social workers.Real workers real producers and real people are only noises off
Now so one eyed I should be in government ! Cant even read my own tweets.That's real despair
Now one eyed after op (no changet there then)Better in hospital than voting  on this bloody bill before  the Lords chhew it up.
Swivvle eyes of the world unite.You have nothing to lose but your bearings
Reecuperation.Lunch in super middle class Dulwich.So close to the City.So far from the real world.And just as it must have been in the 30's
If parliament can't bind itself how can areferendumm on EU in 2017 be " enshrined in law"in 2013Answers on a tombstone pse.
“@Oliver_Gbg: @AVMitchell2010 Seriously,  can we deselect this man?”....why?
Eurovision.57 yearsof extruded plastic and intruded brain rot is the essence of the EU set to musak.Can U remember a single "tune"?
http://t.co/SCCbSyUDls for Eurovision the world's most watched,most boring and most tastelss festival of British humiliation.Lord save us
Britain:trahaison des plurocrates,sliding slowly downhill pursuing claa revenge policies which will never work.
Google badly googled bby PAC.Thanks to bum advice from Ernst & Young.
@jfwduffield away ill
Cam should now legislate for all sorts of things to come in after he's lost the 2015 election.He could tie Labour's hands totally.
Cameron must set out renegociation objectives in advance:CFP.CAP.immigration etc.Otherwise it's a con.Like Wilson's in 1974.
The deal on tax avoidance.Big corporations can avoid as much tax as they like.Government will make up its losses by benefit cuts on the poor
Baftas are boring
Tories so indoctrinated as to believe that everything Labour was wrong and debt boosting are incappable of dealing with Btn's problems
Just seen from the CD Queen Ethelbrgas distribute so remorselessly that pupils cantake their horse to school.Not their cow?Or hounds?
Painful rib restricts mobility.Could it havehappened when I was trampled on bya huge crowd of aged millionaires turning in free bus passes?
Just spoken to Newark CLP..Lovely party. Just like Labpur used to be.Great evening.Thanks.
Why oh why are euro enthusiasts so opposed to a referendum on membership?If it's that good won't it win easily?
@LouiseMensch Dont get home sick it's stilla mess
Linton Crosbie may be starting to blow the whistle but thr dog's limping badly and only UKIP are barking.
Lawson,Portillo,Lamont,Mrs T in 1992 and Jealey all now realise we,d be better off out of the EU.I told them that in the seventies!
Aon Select have insured me for 36 years but they won't renew -MPs are now celebrities and "we don't want their business"
@SgtJamesMain 02072194559
@NHConsortium yes I will be there
Bring back Lawson as chancellor.He's learned sense on EU and he knows how to get a boom going
Politics UK says I've got 2 Ipads.True.But each does a separate job.I fillet fish on one and use the other for cutting up meat.
Doctors receptionists are the dragons at the gate of the NHS.Why cant they be trained like hairdressers receptionis-friendly and welcoming?
Ferguson's problem with Keynes is ' nt his homophobia or his daft view that economists must have kids.It's that he doesn't understand him.
@johnprescott why did you never tell us? http://t.co/1MnjXlaW5W
So sad ti lose Parekura Horamia in Nz.He announced "I'm going home to die"And did.A great man.A great Maori.Dominus te viscum'
ECB reduces interest rates to 0.5%.A fat lot of use when they're charging far more for loans to  those hit by the Euro to keep them in it!
Lib Dems are the first protest party in history to generate protest against themselves
UKIP replaces Libs as a protest bucket and a much better one cos it stands for what discontented really think not foisting naive rubbish on
Wonderful evg at Oxford high table.A dozen vbrilliant dons tell me in detail what's wrong with Labour.What about Tories?Silence
Inproposing ahuge state sell off and firing 75,000 job losses Maude wants a  total civil service strike and a "who governs?"election
Stop piggy bank thinking on bborrowing.Govt borrows to pay benefits to unemployed.Labour borrow to build to put them inwork and earning
Why no speed cameras on M6 toll rd?To help capiitalism?
M40 to middle class destination with big  fast cars but no speed cameras.M62 is festooned  with thousands
Why is Labour so frightened of saying we must borrow and spend to get out ofrecession.Just say borrow borrow borrow borrow and borrow BIG
Excellent prog on young Thatcher.As a provincial going tbhere I could identify with her tho I wnr to Somerville for the Labour Prty group
George thinks he's escaped the triple dip. He hasn't.Rthe South is slightly better.The North is tripple dipping and now deeper cuts hit
@emerwood
Should have got the Danes in to do The Politician's Wife.Boring not Borgen and so unlike  the home life of our own dear House.
Tory government is  very keen to have nationalised industries running our utilities.Provided they're German French or Dutch.
Merkel goes to Greece.Customs officer asks."Name?* "Angela M" "Occupation?"."No.Just a holiday"
@philipjcowley Don't come then.Queing is an essential part of training for British nationality.Per queueing ad astra
BIS has boastful posters on British innovation,universities,research etc but none for British bAnks.Why?
Lloyyds and UKFI turned down good offer of £800m for its branches  for £400m offer from Coop which has now collapsed.Sense?
Nasty Mail story on Christa Ackroyd.She' thr best woman presenter around and worth every penny.
Went to Sea cow in Dulwich.Excellent fish and chips.Daft name.
Flash.Basis of govt policy wrong.High debt levels dont lead to slow growth.It's slow growth that leads to high debt levels.QED
Should Labour keep to Tory spending plans? Of course not. EEven the Tories won't do that.
Bad news week for the Tories.Nothing's going right.Down rated.Bad economic trends.Please be kind.Hug a Tory today.
Britain is a nation up for sale.S Times rich list shoos the sale is going well.Only 1 of top 10 wealthy is British.Buy now before ship sinks
Fed up Tory back  benchers who feel underpaid and unpromoted shoould follow Louise Mench.Far more influential than ever as an MP
Top 1000 are £3.54bn better off than a year ago while the poor are poorer.Another Tory success.
Austerity is the way the rich punish the poor for the crimes of the rich and conceal that by turning the poor against each other
Hoping we can end this busy Grimsby day@SteelsRest. Have not been in ages and looking forward to world's best fish and chips
Samcam wearing Thatcher pussycat bow on her Blouse as memorial
Terrible thought.The strivers caanf watchthis grandiloquent and elaborate funeral.Theyre all out striving.Only the scroungers watch
197.The year the comfortable middle class took back power cos the workers had got too uppity and began to bully and bribe them to quiesensce
Now watching Election 79Brillant idea to put it on
Is it too late to enter Maggie Maggie May they have taken her away for this insane Top 10
My God.Just caught up with twitter.I'm returning to amadhouse.Please turn this plane around and take me back to that happy land far away.OZ
Memo to Tony Blair on his New Statesman article : thank you for your advice. Which is noted
Retturn to Pomerania.Has anything happened beside the death of Mmrs T and the outburst of Maggieolatry?What do the psychologists say?
Is it too late to enter Maggie Maggie May they have taken her away for this insane Top Ten competition over music for the funeral?
Tony is right.LP policy should be invade  small countries.Join Euro.Lots of PFIs.Do whatever US and EU want.Then piss of and make ££££
Govt to introduce grave tax on all graves with only one body "this is a grave decision to free up the market"says IDS
My conclusion from ACPAC conf?C&AG must have power to follow the money & overide commercial confidentiality
Curse of Twesco now removed.Too late for my Thatcher oration.But not too late to curse Tesco.Again and again and again
Tesco will now be damned in history for having deprived the world of my great Thatcherfuneral oration
World deprived of Mitchell's tribute to Thatcher by stupidity of Tesco cutting of service cos 75p underpaid.Every little disqualifies.
@jphowarth Agreed .But make sure you're right first.So sez your mate in Oz
If you have to have capital cities Sydney is the best place in world for one.Except it isn't.That makes it even better.
Am at beautiful Bingie Bngie..Not a lot of people can say that
Unfortunately Julius fucked up the photos so am getting Ken Donw down to paint it tomorrow.Watch this space
De Thatcher:nil  nisi bonum.Best woman PM so fat but Thatcherism was the worst policy
What a lovely country this is.Totally wasted on  it's inhabitants.
In Oz public sector debt is only 10= of GDP (US80%).And Tories still blame Labour for it just like Osborne
Oz elections (due Sept)begin in China these days.Ours begin in Rumania.
XX,AVMitchell2010,Austin Mitchell ,830,74,5
