@Craig_Whittaker
dicament they are in #caldervy
Can't help it you aren't on the side of Pro-choice! I vote with my conscience which says we need to give women the best choice in life n ...
Great visit to Parliament by 6 x caldervy# looked after children
Calderdale Mayor's Civic Church service today. Great service by the Rev. Hilary Barber to the people of the #caldervy
Wonderful evening at the Hollywood awards for disabled young children in the #caldervy on Friday night at the Shay
Fantastic night at The Trades Club last night in the #caldervy Great prelude to what is to come over the May weekend Blues Festival
Brighouse swimming pool now officially opened!
Fabulous speech last night by Luke Tryl. Halifax lad doing really well.
Good 3 hour debate on Wind Power. Spoke on Crook Hill
The wonderful cadets at Sandhurst who will be protecting our Country in the future.
What a fabulous group of young men & women
Down at Sandhurst on exercise with Oifficers. Great historical place
Met Kate Aidie this evening. A heroine that didn't disappoint! #caldervy
Great interview this morning with young 15 yo work experience from #caldervy
Excellent session this morning on the Education Select Committee around Services for Young People. #caldervy
Holocaust Educational Trust last night. Excellent contributions. #caldervy
Excellent research enquiry on how children learn with Cambridge Assessment. #caldervy
Attended Raynor Wilson Booth's Funeral today in the #caldervy. An ex-councillor who also served our Country
Spent a great few hours with the Halifax Army Recruitment Office today as part of my #caldervy visit
Just spoke in the House in the debate on Improving life chances for disadvantaged children #caldervy
Pre-record done for Muslim TV Friday evening. A Week in Politics. #caldervy
Just been on BBC Radio Sheffield on Elected Mayors #caldervy
Good debate time tomorrow on Improving Life Chances for Disadvantaged Children #caldervy
Also great meeting the delegation from the #caldervy CAB who came down to London for the day
Fabulous evening at Downing Street with Elaine last night. #caldervy
Just done my Maiden Speech! Phew!
Big Ben tour today - fantastic!
On the terrace at Number 11
Just voted for the first time!
At No. 11 tomorrow!
Great to be back home in the #Caldervy - First full day out with constituents - Can't wait!
proud day - today we all start to take the Oath
Absolutely fantastic day! Can't tell you how amazing it been! Met a Prime Minister tonight! Wow!!
Its going to be a good turnout in #caldervy
#caldervy polling stations are brisk! May be good turnout
Out knocking up in #caldervy
Early start in the morning Getting the Vote Out.
Another great day getting the vote out in #caldervy - Ripponden, Todmorden, Hebden Bridge and Luddendenfoot.
The choice in #caldervy is simple - Vote conservative for real change or vote Brown for 5 years of the same
Fab day with 2 Police Officers. Also getting out the vote in Calder Ward - Fab Day for Conservatives in #caldervy
Massive 'Get Out The Vote' campaign going on in #caldervy So little time left to Save our Country with just on 60 hours left to go befor ...
Great campaigning day in Ripponden then onto the Gala where we got a fantastic #caldervy reception - roll on Thursday
Big day working to get the vote out - Conservative teams out in force in every ward of the #caldervy
Good hearty breakfast with my family and now we are hitting the Campaign trail - Another big day. Starting to get the vote out
Todmorden people out in force today. Great to see so very many people come up and talk about change - real change!
Sterling performance from Cameron - Brown dour as usual - was that 2 x U-Turns from Clegg??
Great evening yesterday watching the debate then taking part in Calendar Election 2010 panel
Heading off to join the panel on ITV for Campaign 2010 at 11.35pm
Hitting the campaign trail today knocking doors in 4 wards - great to see people now firming up their voting intentions
Good solid debate also at Calder High School with Kate and Hilary - Sadly no sign of Labour
Great day mostly spent with students yesterday. Brighouse High for the Mock Elections - Sadly Lib Dem candidate not interested in going!
8 Days to go in #caldervy & the sun still shines! Met with a dozen or so business Leaders yesterday who support the Conservative NI stance
Great day out yesterday campaigning with some Farmers in Walsden, Colden then Ripponden. Some good new poster sites too!
@ianZeds Such a slur on my rossette!!
Great feedback on the doorstep yesterday in Luddendenfoot. Brighouse coming out very strong too on Saturday
Fantastic turnout from all the Conservative Futures team! Wow
Just spent a couple of hours with the NUF and a gang of our #caldervy Farmers discussing issues
back out on the Campaign trail today in caldervy# after a superb uplifting day yesterday. Lot's of people out talking and enjoying the sun
Out on the tops in #caldervy - stunningly beautiful on such a great leafleting day
another fab day for the campaign trail - Blitzed 4 wards yesterday & still the sun shines! Looking 4ward 2 BIG campaign weekend in #caldervy
Another wonderful day for campaigning in the Calder Valley!
Also campaigned Luddendenfoot, Brighouse, Greetland and Calder yesterday - I love it when the sun shines!!
fanatstic visit yesterday to Overgate Hospice in Elland - such a fantastic, quality provision in a loving and caring environment
Great weekend campaigning - Todmorden, Hebden Bridge, Elland and Brighouse - people appear ready for change and wanting rid of Brown's lot!
XX,Craig_Whittaker,Craig Whittaker,64,12,0
