@GlynDaviesMP
Wish I'd known there was a service in memory of Lance Corporal Paul Thomas in W'pool. Was at his funeral 10 yrs ago. Would like to have gone
Gibraltar lost 4-0 to Germany tonight, which makes them a better team than Brazil who lost 7-1 to Germany in the World Cup.
Chuka Umunna being defenestrated on Newsnight. Laura completely skewering him on meaningless Zero Zero thing Ed Miliband was going on about?
Important John Major intervention on EU renegotiation today. Ex PM is a crafty operator. He sees scope for reform. Blazing trail for Cameron
Totally oppose Welsh Gov't's new 'Presumed Consent' legislation, but like TV campaign which encourages families to discuss organ donation
Only had so much time to watch TV tonight. Has to be Neil Diamond - One Night Only. QuestionTime will have to remain unwatched yet again.
Really enjoying Neil Diamond on ITV. An all-time great still with a voice that's fills me with longing for my youth. A true great performer
First time I've known all the guests on QuestionTime, though have met Rod Liddle to talk just twice. So might just watch it for once.
@DPJHodges unfortunately I fear TV Leaders Debates will go ahead - with some leaders missing! No Greens, No SNP, No Plaid. Damages democracy
Any 'senior' Politician who briefs anonymously against own party becomes through their actions very much a diminished 'junior'.
Nigel Owens is an outstandingly good rugby referee. One of the best world has ever seen. Has every rugby fans respect as a referee and man.
Oh the irony of it. Qatar cleared of improper conduct by FIFA, while English FA criticised. Very red faces and choking on corn flakes today!
@Spectator_CH perhaps David Miliband would have been better bet to take on Goliath!!
Planning on tabling request tmrw for debate in Parliament about activities of National Grid in Montgomeryshire and North Shropshire.
Not surprising that UKIP fancy deal with Miliband. UKIP don't really want In/Out referendum cos it fears an In vote. Tories trust the people
Interesting that UKIP seem to be angling to form a coalition with Ed Miliband. No reason why not but it's good that we all know about it.
@LabourEoin I would love to see Ed Miliband try to stifle Simon Danczuk MP. PM would have more success with Philip Davies MP! 2 good men
@davidcornock thanks David. Personally, I think it should be, and will look for opportunities to say so.
Hope Welsh Assembly Members will legislate for recall bill - one where politicians are genuinely accountable - unlike the weak UK Govt Bill
I support the idea of voting at 16yrs. So welcome change to Wales Bill to allow it for Income Tax Referendum and Assembly Election.
Cenotaph 11.00 today. Couldn't be in Montgomeryshire. Atmosphere special-helicopter at 10.55 and  pipers poignant. http://t.co/9xcAeg2aya
Significant European Court ruling. EU states can bar benefits for anyone moving just for them. Limits free movement! http://t.co/JTw4y5yj33
Best Rememrance Service hymns - 'Oh Valiant Hearts' and 'Mine Eyes Have a seen The Glory'. Both perfect for the occasion.
Good Lidl accepted Welsh can be spoken by staff, to each other and customers. I hate headlines of recent days. Damages Lidl and Welsh Lang.
Right move by Gatland to bring Hook into the squad, though expect Priestland to start. Williams will stay at 15, with Jonathon Davies back.
BBC reporting Quade Cooper visited Owen Williams in hospital. That's sort of act of friendship that makes rugby special. Cooper is special.
I really do fancy Wales tmrw to put one over the Australians. Intrigued by how George North will get on in the centre. Reckon he'll be OK.
Going after rural vote - Montgomeryshire fashion show tonight, Charity do for MND research. Am local branch president http://t.co/q8hqkJNozo
UKIP activists rather stuffed by success of Osborne halving of EU Dec 1st 'bill', and deferring of any payment til Sept. Farage all at sea.
What was Nigel Farage said. PM would pay full £1.7 billion on Dec 2nd. Well he was wrong. Uninformed headline seeker.
Nigel Farage being made to look uninformed and a bit stupid by Chancellor's renegotiation of UK contribution to EU budget.
Perhaps Welsh AMs should ban sale of food as well as alcohol in the Assembly before 6.00pm to deal with the obesity crisis affecting Wales
Well fancy that. Welsh Assembly Members ban alcohol from sale before 6.00pm. Clearly don't trust themselves. No self control
Great visit Oakwood Prison today. G4S doing a good job. Inventive approach geared towards reforming lost souls. Transforming prison service
Written an article supporting sustainable immigration to the UK for one of my local papers tmrw. Feel better for writing it!
For much of my life I was a hill sheep farmer. Had to walk through mud most days. Never complained. Just got on with the job!
Asking for trouble. Writing local newspaper column on immigration tonight. In General, I support free movement in EU - with some changes
Greater Manchester Mayor with no referendum. People decide in a General Election. So why a referendum on partial income tax powers for Wales
Some are tweeting there's a suspected Ebola case in Carmarthen. Not confirmed anywhere else yet.
@SteveOrmerod fine, but the RSPB supports the proposals to desecrate the Montgomeryshire landscape with pylons/turbines. Loses my support
@SteveOrmerod I don't believe RSPB realises how much offence it's caused to genuine country people by its support for hideous wind turbines
I reckon most MPs will be sorry Alistair Darling is standing down. I always listened to him when he spoke. Big loss to Labour credibility.
Ackerman Bilk gone. Like all music lovers of a certain age, his 'Stranger on the Shore' will remain one of the greatest of all time.
Feel deprived not to be able to read my Mathew D'Ancona column in today's Telegraph. Miss Brogan. Now no D'Ancona. Still have Charles Moore.
Brilliant to see Dan Carter back in action after a year out through injury. Normally, I'd say no chance of full return. But it's Dan Carter!
Ann Clwyd - independent minded MP, respected on all sides. Tells it straight re Welsh NHS. Welsh Labour try to sack her. That's Welsh Labour
Pleased Ian Botham laying into RSPB in today's MoS. Been member for 40+ yrs, but reluctant now. Seem care more about wind farms than birds
Sorry to read Lord Carlile ruled himself out as head of child abuse inquiry. Be good choice. But don't blame him.
Good Coral Jones, April Jones' mum from Machynlleth is to speak at service in Cardiff, arranged by Missing Persons charity. April remembered
Pleased BBC reconsidering SNP in Leader's TV Election Debates. Must include Greens and Plaid as well. Only ever want to win fair elections
On poppy patrol in Newtown today. http://t.co/Z5NtBScSHc
Good morning on poppy duty outside Bear Lanes in Newtown. Everyone very generous.
Wonderful news that Dan Lydiate is coming home to Wales. A wonderful welcome home to a truly great rugby player.
London to Birmingham up the M1. It's quicker to go via Southampton! And there the Shrewsbury Bypass r'bouts improvements. Motoring hell.
Loving the 'Rumble in the Jungle' stuff today. Cassius Clay was my first real love. Was up for the the honey pot and big ugly bear, Liston.
At Anglesey Day learned my old Tory colleague in Welsh Assembly, Peter Rogers no longer a Tory Cllr. Now member of 2-man Revolutionary Party
Anglesey Day in P'ment today. Great turn-out. Albert Owen MP roped in Ed Miliband to appear. But Ed missed a trick not once saying Ynys Mon.
Montgomeryshire Soc in London AGM Dinner tonight. Retiring President Michael GibbonQC handing over to Eleanor Bennett http://t.co/PUKaBP5I1W
So BBC is refusing to allow the Green Party to take part in Leader's TV debates. Wrong. Just not fair or democratic. Scrap the whole project
Good news for Labour in Scotland (and they need it) is that Jim Murphy is standing to be Labour Leader. Sound man. Really good footballer.
Hearing Lib Dems have killed off EU Referendum Bill. No difference if Conservative Govt elected next May, we hold In/Out Ref in 2017 anyway
Much discussion about constituents removing an MP between elections today. My view -if an MP's has lost confidence of voters they should go
Tom Bodden retiring from the Daily Post. Oh No. With Martin Shipton, David Cornock, etc Tom has always been there. One of life's certainties
@chrisg0000 if you say so!
Any Tory MP who briefs gossip sleuths, Isobel Hardman and James Forsythe to undermine the Prime Minister should be ashamed of themselves
Bookies are not taking Russell Brand for London Mayor as remotely serious prospect. So why on earth is the media reporting it?
Leading UK polling(sorry, story creating)organisation has arranged poll to undermine our armed forces by devaluing Afghanistan intervention
Dan Hodges blogs are great.
Implacably against allowing foreign energy Leviathans from destroying Montgomeryshire with turbines/pylons. Still back Vote Blue, Go Green.
BBC speculating on Premiership top 4. Pre-season I went for Chelsea, Man City, Arsenal and Man Utd - in that order. See no reason to change
Very surprised, reading UKIP tweets how willing UKIP voices are to accept UK must do all that EU says. They need to go buy some handbags.
@MSmithsonPB Montgomeryshire has traditionally been a Lib Dem seat. I won from Lembit Opik. And UKIP have never done well. What do this mean
George North is a god.
Has the door marked Leader of Labour in Scotland opened for the excellent Jim Murphy or for Gordon Brown?
Montgomeryshire Wildlife Trust is a brilliant organisation. Do what you can to help the Trust buy Dolforwyn Woods.
Harry Roberts murdered three policemen in cold blood. He should never be released. Some crimes are beyond any form of forgiveness.
For what it's worth, I don't think fixed term parliaments are good idea. Changed my mind about this. Sorry I voted for them 4 yrs ago.
My youth disappearing like a train over the hill. Now Alvin Stardust has died. I remember him when he was Shane Fenton. It's all over now.
Politics is built on irony. Increased support (and media coverage) for UKIP, means less chance there is of British people voting to leave EU
75yrs ago Churchill and Stalin managed it. McGuinness and Paisley did it. So I'm sure Gareth Davies and Roger Lewis will work well at WRU.
Choice was photo op on front of flu jab poster. But did a Cameron and rolled up my sleeve(s) and got down to business http://t.co/veeuB8mktK
I bet the elevation of Sir Robert Rogers to the House of Lords is going to down well with Mr Speaker !!!
@Elin_A_Roberts most health treatment for my constituents has always been from England. Long may it continue. What matters is patient care.
Agree it's an outrage Ian Woosnam hasn't been received into Golf's Hall of Fame. Not quite a constituent. Before he moved to Jersey that is.
No Adam Jones in Welsh squad. Is this end of a magnificent international career? No-one is irreplaceable but Adam is as near as it gets
Disagree with criticism of Welsh patients being treated in England. It's good practice. What matters is access to best treatment. One NHS!
Read that only 24% of constituents trust their MP, while 86% of MPs think they are trusted by their constituents! This cannot be true.
When I was young, the Oxo mum was a 'goddess'. Now she's gone  - taken by bowel cancer. Some of us escape it's clutches, and some don't. Sad
Barrosso campaigning for UKIP again today. More effective than Carswell and Reckless together. Doesn't get law of unintended consequences
This is a really good read.  http://t.co/TaNepD2Vl8
@ceritheviking I would have thought some of Prudential's investment money is derived from Wales.
Exciting news in Telegraph today, suggesting Prudential poised to become key investor in Swansea Bay Tidal Lagoon http://t.co/tqPNHmUNku
Feeling sympathy with the football fans who had a train to catch and left the QPR v Liverpool game after 86 minutes.
See Juan Manuel Barrosso's been campaigning on behalf of UKIP again today. Whenever he speaks, he feeds the Euroscepticism in every Br heart
Stunning autumn beauty. Acer Palmatum Disectum viridis. Be better hanging to the ground - trunk too handsome to hide http://t.co/etS0x0F2r1
1.00am and back from my standing in for Len Goodman at Trefeglwys Strictly Come Dancing. Brill event, raising over £9000 for good causes.
Now it's off to be a judge in Trefeglwys Strictly Come Dancing. It's always a mighty night when the Montgomeryshire village goes wild.
@ITVWales Welsh Tories proposal for elected commissioners to replace Local Health Boards is a very interesting idea. Worth serious thought
Foreign Secretary, Philip Hammond makes a very fine speech in EU Ref Debate this morning. A politician of high and growing stature.
Great speech by Labour MP, Kate Hoey in EU Referendum today. She  usually talks more sense than her Labour Party. Would like her to be Tory
Only Lib Dem in EU Ref debate is John Hemming who could be only Lib Dem in favour of giving people of Britain a choice. Well done John.
Good speech opening debate on EU Ref Bill from Bob Neill. Second speaker is Labour's Kate Hoey - almost pleading with her party to back bill
Am in Second Reading debate on EU Referendum debate. Amazingly only one Lib Dem is here. They used to support an In/out vote for Br people
@apdafyddi sad that there is no Lord Peter Walker, who was a truly outstanding Secretary of State. Personally very good to me. Great man
Alistair Carmichael made a good fist of responding to Gordon Browns debate re Implications of Scottish Indy vote. He really doesn't like SNP
The name is Miliband. Next please http://t.co/VGJiyiGLhL
Wales First Minister still talking about all aspects of devolution except  fiscal accountability through income tax responsibility.
I thought Jeremy Browne was one of best Lib Dem MPs, and had tipped him to become party leader. Very sound. Pity he's standing down as MP
@PhilDavies3 almost all of my Montgomeryshire constituents are treated in Hospitals in Shropshire. How NHS is organised matters to them.
Rochester and Strood By-election on Nov 20th. Usually relaxed about these things. Long way from Montg but this matters. I will be there.
I'll support English Votes for English Laws - if assured the MP for Montgomeryshire still involved in NHS service delivery in Shropshire
English Votes for English Laws may work for Scotland (in theory at least), and I'll support Govt Bill - but much more difficult for Wales
What I wouldn't  expect to see in this garden. Brian Donahoe MP and me in Lenin's shadow at The Heseltine Arboretum. http://t.co/wfgOlVmVbD
Never been to a garden before where a spirit level used for privet hedges. Lord Heseltine is a perfectionist. http://t.co/zIZ0hvTY9C
Great result for Wales tonight against Cyprus. Gareth Bale really is something special. We could have another Welshman great as John Charles
Publish what seems to me innocuous, obvious tweet about Pre-election TV debates (don't approve of them) and I'm retweeted 500 times! Wow.
Why on earth should UKIP be included in pre-election Leader's debates, but not Greens, Plaid Cymru and SNP. Not logical. Just media driven
Pre-election TV debates are another example of the media driving the  UK political agenda. Voters should focus more on individual candidates
Personally prefer no TV Pre-election debates at all. Just diminishes role of individual candidates. Can never be fair to minority parties.
Well reasoned case by #colleague, Guto Bebb MP in today's Telegraph. Why voting to 'recognise' State of Palestine now would harm peace in ME
@mywelshpool disappointing for Welshpool after winning last game decider against Montgomery. All that tension for nothing!
Me reported by BBC about Douglas Carswell "he's obviously been a very insidious MP". No, I described him as assiduous http://t.co/dHBUKuTlUZ
Radio i/vw today I described Douglas Carswell as having been "an assiduous MP". Am told some heard it as "insidious". Better tell Douglas
@BBCLouise @daily_politics a carefully prepared way of not answering a question Nigel Farage would have known was coming.
Wind farm companies and National Grid determined to destroy Mid Wales. Spitting in the face of democracy. NG are out of control
Shocking to have constituents contact me in despair about bullying attitude of National Grid. Becoming genuinely hated by rural people.
Nothing destroyed faith in mainstream political parties in rural Britain more than appalling behaviour of National Grid and windfarm bullies
@KayBurley he should be banned for at least til the end of the season - probably more. Brought shame upon his team and a great team game.
When an MP talks publicly about considering defection, how can they then look party workers and activists who've supported them in the eye?
Am totally opposed to pre-election Tory/UKIP deal. We must stand on our policy platform and our record with pride and believe we can win.
@BBCWalesNews @WalesPolitics academic says UKIP might win seat in Welsh Assembly in 2015. An astounding conclusion. And Pope is a Catholic?
@billsmith65  when you need to resort to blind denial of the reality, it suggests you have run out of argument.
What a truly appalling shouting match about UKIP I've just watched on Newsnight between a man named Owen Jones and a man named Jon Gaunt.
Now this is more like it. A must read in tmrw's Telegraph. A genuine Tory 'countryside' policy.  http://t.co/onk99k7lAS
Looking forwards to having a go on the Aberystwyth zip wire. Hope to do better than Boris did.  http://t.co/wGkfVi9ena
@billsmith65 no changes in 'freedom of movement' relating to benefit claiming and succession countries and I think the UK will vote for Out
Congratulations Douglas on a very impressive victory. Good constituency MP rewarded for hard work and engaging with constituents.
Now those were interesting by-election results last night. Another 300 switchers in Heywood and Middleton would have been really big deal.
Powys Council learns it's 2015 budget settlement today. Going to be really tough. Will need wise, strong and decisive councillors.
@sianymwah Forden is full of people with opinions - strongly held too. At times I felt bit of a bystander! Really interesting meeting for me
@peterblackwales I was rather hoping the Coalition partners might come up with something before that.
@HMThompson_ as far as I know this matter remains under consideration. Barn Formula fixed post Scot Indy ref. Welsh Tories will find a way
@peterblackwales @GlynDaviesMP it's good that coalition partners agree. I am very pleased that is what you think. Sensible if I may say so.
More debate re Barnett Formula today. I prefer talk about compensating for the Barnett 'deficit' than the Formula itself- which is now fixed
Good Govt changes to Wales Bill currently in Lords. But still no amendment devolving income tax responsibility without blocking referendum
World No 792, Oliver Wilson wins Dunhill title today- won £500,000. 2nd Rory McIlroy. I just want to beat Mrs D - once this year will do
Lib Dems in Glasgow being awfully rude about Tories today. All rather hurtful. Personally, I rather like them. Hope they'll calm it by tmrw
In May 2010, I signed up to a 5yr deal with Lib Dems to form a Coalition to restore UK public finances. Deal's a deal - until 2015 election.
Must admit I was unconvinced about today's announcement about ECHR until I watched lawyer, Jessica Simor on Newsnight. Now support change
The evil that is ISIL is difficult to comprehend. It's a declaration of war on the civilised world and a challenge that must be faced down.
Don't these Welsh doctors realise that It's a Labour one-party state. It's just not acceptable to criticise Carwyn Jones, THE FIRST MINISTER
My pleasure today to present award to Susan Davies, Newtown, UK winner of best support and rehab for macular disease http://t.co/ysQFT4GFGq
Govt Special Advisor referred to Nick Clegg by an unflattering term. Incredibly Lib Dem MP launched a formal complaint. Dearie me. Pathetic.
Does anyone recognise this 'Bard' from 1960s. Reckon he's not a bad looking boy! http://t.co/VkJyampulk
Reading about one of my constituents publicly humiliated by political colleagues (ex) and media today. Nick Griffin given a right kicking.
When my wife asked me I'd heard of Arran Banks, I thought it was a garden she wanted to visit - something to do with Japanese Knotweed story
Hope Machynlleth Councillors put up a good resistance to the closure of the towns recycling depot.
@GOsborneGenius I think it had been rather longer that that a few weeks before the Election. At least that's what I was told. Me - never bet
@VaughanRoderick I am with you on this Vaughan. War and bombing is ugly, even if necessary and anything remotely glorifying in it is wrong
Terrific news for Machynlleth/Montgomeryshire. Edwina Hart listened to local Council, and local business and is progressing new Dyfi Bridge
The certainty of pollsters about what will happen in a General Election is tosh. Tories cannot win. Oh Yeah. Like I was 8/1 to win in 2010!!
Positive visit to Centre for Alternative Tech today, even if my total antipathy to scale of turbines/pylons in Montg must make me dubious.
Great discussion with Charles Moore, Isobel Hardman and Mathew Parris on Newsnight. Now that was genuine politics. Fascinating stuff.
Is Evan Davis the Vaughan Roderick of UK politics. Deceptively gentle, as they draw you in. Both are Venus Fly Traps.
Despite what's being said elsewhere, you won't hear derogatory word against my UKIP opponents in Montgomeryshire. Disagree yes- but respect.
Vincent Tan wants Russell Slade to be manager of Cardiff City for next 19 yrs. You really do gave to laugh. Do well to last 19 mths.
Hope and pray that the pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong do not turn nasty. Could be transformative in Chinese politics.
In honour of talented, fair Liz Truss, Defra Sec of State, I intend to eat wholly British produce, incl British wine for supper -Welsh even
Joined Zip Clip in Newtown for launch of new Corporate Identity today. Transformative. Great local company. As a cygnet emerges as a swan.
Talking English Votes for English Laws with BBC at Llanymynech Golf Course today. On 4th tee (in Wales) - to green in England. Wondrous view
Told that Plaid Cymru have chosen a man named Gwynfor Owen to tackle me at the 2015 General Election. Had hoped Heledd might have another go
Pleased Welsh Govt powers moving to 'reserved' model. Sensible change. One big change needed. Welsh Govt must be responsible for income tax.
Pleased Welsh Govt Inc Tax bands could be varied if devolved, but lets devolve it. Not allow 'referendum' to let Labour avoid accountability
Accept MPs will change party, but it takes special sort to be totally deceitful to last second+ hurt much as poss party which gave him opp.
En route to Sun Night at Palladium. Sorry to miss Steve Crabb speech at B'ham. Expecting big move to putting Tories on front foot in a Wales
@ZacGoldsmith I have found 38 Degrees to be deceitful and underhand.
Really disappointed to hear Brooks Newmarket has resigned from the Govt. Don't know details - but do know Brooks was a thoroughly good guy.
Good that Andrew RTDavies, Welsh Tory Leader talking about low tax Welsh economy. Need income tax devolution as part of our 2015 manifesto
@SteveBakerMP @ZacGoldsmith  I was a big supporter of Zac's Recall ideas. Very disappointed he's joined with in 38Degrees though.
Not sure why but I still feel a degree of warmth towards Douglas Carswell after his defection. Don't feel any for Mark Reckless though.
Missed out on Montgomeryshire MacMillan's coffee mornings to be at Iraq debate in London-  found one at Westminster http://t.co/dCvQUF7he7
Outstanding Alistair Burt tells us how offensive to Middle East Muslims is use of the term, Islamic State. Why on earth does the BBC do it ?
@ZacGoldsmith  agree Zac, but the louder a message is shouted the less likely it is to be heard.
No idea why George Galloway needs to shout in the HoC Chamber. Can't hear the important points he makes. Totally self defeating. Pity.
I did like the line that we can not "walk on by" from the PM. That sort of sums up how many of us feel.
See UKIP now support the Welsh Assembly, but not tax raising responsibility. So UKIP and Labour don't support financial accountability.
Not had any 38 Degrees type emails on Iraq intervention. Too difficult an issue for this'intrepid' group perhaps!
The term Islamic State, used so determinedly by BBC is the name the terrorists prefer, despite it not being Islamic nor being a state. Why?
Ryder Cup boys nicely kitted out in Tory Blue blazers.
BBC still determinedly using Islamic State to describe the brutal terrorists murdering innocents, while Ministers always call them ISIL. Why
Just been told National Grid has today carried out unauthorised highway works at Meifod - would be at home in Wild West! Law unto themselves
Now heading to Westminster for tmrw's debate. Sorry to be missing local McMillan's coffee mornings. Hope they'll forgive me.
Can UKIP really believe UK Prime Minister would recall Parliament to consider UK joining a war to upstage UKIP conf! Self obsession or what
@IsabelHardman James Lyons has joined the Times!
BBC in a quandary. Whenever they want an interviewee to discuss terrorism - turn to Anjem Chaoudary. This time he's been arrested himself
Seems we might be recalled to Westminster Friday. Changing my plans in expectation.
@davidcornock if you are talking Ed Miliband, make sure you have notes handy. Wouldn't want to forget most important point you want to make
Walking in Welshpool today. Met former Vale of Glamorgan Labour MP, John Smith. Shared chat over coffee. Good man. Good company. Looked fit.
Newtown meeting last night re future of Hospitals in Shropshire. Told, old pal, Bob Mills signed himself in as Parl candidate. Interesting!
Sad that RBS are closing their Montgomery branch on Jan 9th 2015. Open only 4hrs per week, but still concern for elderly used to their bank
@LabourEoin thought we had abandoned the practice of rich people buying votes in British elections in the nineteenth century.
Congrats to James Lyons on his move from the Mirror to the Times. Maybe he won't be quite so hard on Tory Gun Nuts in future!
@ITVWales does Wales FM really want same powers as Scotland. Scotland to have full income tax powers, while Carwyn Jones wants none at all
While Wales First Minister resists financial accountability via income tax, he will not be taken seriously as a voice on constitution issues
We promise full income tax powers/retention of Barnett Formula/devo  of welfare to Scotland. Inevitable demand for English devo will follow.
@hhensher @nick__bourne congratulations Henrietta. You will do well. Hope I can get over to help at some point.
Rachel Banner on Wales Report noting no Westminster politicians! Reckons we have disappeared. None of us were asked as far as I know.
Interesting comments from Dylan Jones Evans on Wales Report about Barnett Formula. Could well be other ways to address the Barnett deficit.
Lee Waters making sense on there being no need for a referendum before making Welsh Govt fiscally accountable through income tax devolution.
Watching The Wales Report. Welsh finance minister adamantly refusing to back income tax devolution to Welsh Govt. No fiscal accountability
@heddgwynfor I support best devolution settlement for Wales, irrespective of Scotland. Main thrust of it is Welsh Govt fiscal accountability
@orj80 I am not in favour of a federal Britain, and I do not believe there is need for a referendum on tax raising powers if in manifesto.
@Vaughan_Wms have not a clue what you are on about. Suspect no-one else has either.
Had Gladstonian day in the garden, except I used a chain saw while he used an axe. Plenty of wood for this year's bonfire night party.
My understanding is 'we' think Scottish Powers Bill and 'fairer voting' for England should move in tandem, but one not dependent on other
Radio in the morning about 'broken promise' re Scottish powers. What broken promise is that I asked? BBC taking Salmond at face value again!
I do love watching John Prescott on TV. Words don't always come out in order they are meant, but we usually know what he means. He's unique.
Owen Smith on Sunday Politics Wales building blocks on tax power for Welsh Govt. Labour hate the thought of financial accountability
Following Salmond classy performance on Sunday Politics, Chucka Umunna all over the place. Give him credit for bravery but blimey...
Classy interview by Alex Salmond on Sunday Politics. I don't think he's retiring to the garden.
MoS p11- PM told Montgomeryshire honey has ability to improve performance in bed! Expect demand surge for Caersws produced Hilltop Honey,
Early reflections on implications of Scottish referendum vote from my Welsh perspective at http://t.co/IOXBWh5I6w expecting some to disagree
@peterblackwales no it's not. I hope to persuade my colleagues to consider changing the Wales Bill to deliver it in the next Parliament.
@billsmith65 it was a 50% turn out, a 50.3% Yes and a 49% No. But as Churchill always maintained, one is a majority. We have to deal with it
@peterblackwales out of interest Peter, was your manifesto commitment to tax varying powers contingent on a referendum?
@billsmith65 The Assembly was created by vote of the people in 1997. I campaigned against when so many didn't bother voting. Did you vote?
Some followers missing my point re inc tax powers for Welsh Govt. Do it by manifesto, not by referendum. Let's make it happen and do it now
@ElunedParrottAM point Eluned is I disagree with Silk over need for a referendum - a mechanism for it never happening. Do by manifesto now.
@Cymro57 dim nod dau dydd ers referendwm! Bydd lot newydd dros wythnosau nesa
@ElunedParrottAM there's been a Vow to Scotland involving a timetable which transforms landscape. Playing old partisan tunes so yesterday
I challenge Lib Dems and Plaid Cymru to back my campaign for income tax powers for Welsh Govt now. Wales needs a fiscally accountable Govt.
Still convinced we must give 50% Inc Tax powers to Welsh Govt - only way to make it fiscally accountable. Let's do it now -in the Wales Bill
Looking forwards to reading William Hague's ideas how to legislate for 'English votes for English laws'. Be different for Wales and Scotland
I'd almost forgotten that Ed Miliband was leader of the Labour Party. Was wondering of it was Brown, Darling or Murphy.
Pity Kate Hoey standing down as Chair of Countryside Alliance. She was outstandingly good. Always seemed good Tory to me. Alas she's Labour
Labour getting desperate - searching to defer any constitutional change. Owen Smith in BBC Wales and Chucka Umunna flapping incoherently
Just listened to some tosh on radio about 3party vow to Scotland which was that new devolution bill be ready for new Govt post2015 election
Little Alfie suffers genetic illness. Today 'Jeans for Genes Day'. Not worn them for 5 yrs. struggled to get them on! http://t.co/uD4M0GBRiZ
Great news Ann Clwyd is to stay on as MP for Cynon Valley (election permitting of course). Fearless demander of transparency on Welsh NHS
Scotsman just rang our my Welshpool office to join Montgomeryshire Conservatives. Unintended consequences!!
As expected Labour going big on 'constitutional convention'. Whatever it takes to delay financial accountability for devolved Governments
Actually, good David Cameron win. Results count. Critics are like those criticising Alf Ramsey for dropping Greaves for 1966 World Cup Final
An English 'Grand Committee'. Puleese! Anyone suggesting it should be forced to sit through two full sessions of the Welsh Grand Committee!!
@KingTyDu English votes on English laws will be a nightmare to administer - and costly. But it's better than a UK destroying English Parl.
No better way to suffocate constitutional change than a constitutional convention. Like referendums, it's a way of putting off decisions.
@elbe44 it's about meaning of words. Welsh 'federal' Parliament means an Eng Parliament which would soon become more powerful than UK Parl.
This morning feel hugely encouraged about Tory prospects in Scotland. Ruth Davidson new star, Cameron's a winner and we get Scotland better.
@TheErasmo devolution must be incremental. Nothing wrong with  asymmetrical devo. May become 100%. 50% right in 2015. Labour will fight it
Nothing more likely to lead to break up of United Kingdom than an English Parliament in my opinion
Don't agree with the commentators this morning. The result informs us that David Cameron got his pitch to Scotland about right. A solid win.
@OwenSmithMP @adrianmasters84 it's the way you tell 'em Owen!
Now for cool rational debate about taking devolution forward. Personally back include devolution of Inc tax, 100% to Scotland, 50% to Wales
The wisdom of the Scottish people have really shone through. Realised the ref was massive, turned out in amazing numbers and voted right.
Never in doubt. If most pollsters had been that far wrong the other way, Scotland would have voted Yes.
Hope my colleague Tory MPs remember we are a team and there's a General Election to be won in 7 maths time.
If we really have to answer the West Lothian Question, English votes for English laws is least bad option. Total opposition to English Parl.
@TrueWales I supported tax raising powers from 1997. Never really been an issue. Wales Bill grants the principle. I question if ref needed.
@TrueWales it is accurate. The 2011 ref nothing to do with tax raising powers. It was only my opinion. Minority then. Prob minority now
@TrueWales thanks for putting up my column. Still reads rather well. As you read I was outlining (accurately) what referendum was about
Had my renovated 45yr old Massey 135 back. Ffion posing not driving. Both beauties. Looking forward to a vintage run http://t.co/VaqXnUl4cc
@TrueWales I have publicly supported tax raising powers for Welsh Assembly since the Welsh people rejected my advice to vote No in 1997
I'm in favour of incremental constitutional change. Next step in Welsh devolution process is income tax powers. Let's get on and do it.
If Welsh First Minister, Carwyn Jones really wants new constitutional set-up, he should call for income tax powers without referendum
Big debate starts tmrw if a No vote. Personally I'll back devomax if Wales Barnett deficit is resolved - and oppose an English Parliament.
Surely Solskjaer won't go with any sort of agreement or dignity. Not how Cardiff City does things. Needs to be vicious finger pointing row.
@roger_scully it's good to be predictable. When I queue for a coffee at Welshpool coffee shops, my cappuccino awaits with no word spoken
@roger_scully personally I think he is completely wrong about this.
@DaranHill personally Daran, I think it will be nearer 20 yrs before another referendum is considered. Won't be any complacency after this.
@TheErasmo quite the opposite. My mind is turning to Scotland post referendum after a No vote.
If I were Scottish, I'd be looking for election to Scottish Parliament. Post 2016, I can see Ruth Davidson and Jim Murphy becoming big stars
@Rowan1953 Shrewsbury RUFC always welcomed women, before women played rugby. Even recall a lady joining us in our post match communal bath
@Amanwy  but Andy Murray has his commercial endorsements to consider!
Hope Scottish voters say Yes today - to allowing women to be admitted to R & A Golf Club. Never belonged to a club where women barred.
Tmrw will be a tense day - like walking into an operating theatre 13 yrs ago not knowing whether I was coming out again. Please let it be No
Wish I was Scottish tmrw, so I could vote for the partnership of our four nations to carry on as the United Kingdom in all of our interests.
Interesting comments from Stephen Crabb, Welsh Secretary, reported on BBC about future taxation powers for Welsh Govt/Barnett. V good news.
@AndrewRTDavies No way would Speaker Bercow at Westminster have turned down such a request. The new BMA is a very big issue
Gordon Brown reminded us today of the political colossus he was til chains of highest office brought him down and how good David Cameron is
The referendum in Wales deciding whether to establish a National Assembly for Wales (18.9.1997) was 50.3% Yes and 49.7% No! Surely not again
Disapprove of MPs announcing they'll donate salary increase after Election to charity. Charitable giving is admirable, but should be private
Cardiff City contemplating creating another crisis. Been far too quiet for Bluebirds. What can they do. Why not sack the manager again.
This Scotland Indy stuff doing my head in. Friday is going to one hell of a day. Going to take in a round to clear my head. Works for Obama
But does Welsh Labour support tax raising power for the Welsh Govt, or just carry on hiding behind excuses to avoid fiscal accountability.
Just had tickets confirmed for Sunday Night at the London Palladium later this month. Don't tell me being an MP is devoid of perks.
Wish I was in London at the staytogether rally.  Live so far away. There in spirit.
@pinkWatanabe how on earth can there be a DG Hospital in Montgomeryshire - pop about 50k. A DGH needs 400k pop to be credible.
@pinkWatanabe Shropshire hospitals which serve Montgomeryshire and treat my constituents are in N Shropshire, Shrewsbury and Telford.
@pinkWatanabe Wales does indeed run the NHS, but there are no general hospitals in Powys. Always used Shropshire hospitals.
Referendums should be limited to big constitutional issues. Partial tax raising powers in Wales isn't. Could not manifestos be consultation?
If Scotland takes control of 100% of income tax, do we really need a referendum in Wales to decide on partial devolution of income tax?
If Welsh MPs banned from voting on 'English' matters, I would be banned from involvement in hospitals issues where my constituents treated
At last. One compensation of Scottish Independence. It could end the destruction of beautiful Scotland with hideous wind farms!
Discussing what currency an Independent Scotland would use on radio today with Plaid top economist. He thought Ch Islands model would be ok!
Seems that the Conservative could rebuild in Scotland around Ruth Davidson. Everyone impressed by her - and not just Tories.
@orj80 I mean proper income tax powers - up or down and personally my view is variation in bands as well. Labour will do all to avoid it.
Devolution to Wales is hopelessly unaccountable until the Welsh Govt is responsible for raising income tax - same as in Scotland.
Agree with Carwyn Jones  - more devolution to Wales. Must have income tax raising powers - same as Scotland. Wales deserves accountable Govt
Twitter demonstrates just what an unpleasant, ugly and frightening phenomenon 'nationalism' is.
@TwmBurum and what on earth has that got to do with anything. I was talking racism, not petty politics.
Hard to believe as watching Last Night of the Proms that Scotland may well destroy the United Kingdom next week. Enough to make me cry.
Roderick Williams singing 'Ole Man River' on Last Night of the Proms reminded me how I've always hated racism. Loved the Great Paul Robeson.
@eilirjones didn't think you were criticising. And I was just informing. Boris stood in Clwyd South, inc Dyffryn Tanat then, not Meirionydd.
@eilirjones Boris stood as Parliamentary candidate in Clwyd South, part of which has been transferred to Montgomeryshire. So We have a link
Boris Johnson is on the pitch.
Strangely emotional to read Martin McGuinness tweet "I have lost a friend". Anything possible when human beings open minds to possibilities
Community Meeting in Abermule tonight. Mostly local issues, but lots of warm words for Boris. Most will be pleased Uxbridge chose him later.
Welcome aboard Boris. We need your amazing talent to engage with voters. Hope you find time to support me in Montgomeryshire
Congratulations Gareth Davies and Anthony Buchanan on election to Board of Welsh Rugby Union. Thanks David Pickering for all you've done
Great to see Wales National newspaper, the Western Mail giving whole front page over to keeping United Kingdom together. WM backing Wales.
Rev. Ian Paisley and Martin McGuinness made anything seem possible in politics. Changed the meaning of Never to Maybe sometime.
Sad Ian Paisley has died. After a life involved in violent politics, died a man of peace. Gentle, amusing companion over tea in Pugin Room.
@FraserNelson should celebrate the glaring disconnect between politics and public has been put centre-stage. Spectator has been brilliant
@ceritheviking every Govt proposal depends on a committed Govt Minister to drive it. Edwina only Welsh Govt Minister who bats for Mid Wales
@IWA_Wales utter tosh
Pleased Leighton Andrews back in Welsh Govt. Like him(I do) or loathe him he's a man of real ability, even if too stroppy for his own good
@IWA_Wales silly question!
Thank goodness Edwina Hart remains Welsh Economic & Transport Minister. She is committed to delivering Newtown By-pass on time. Start 2015
Wales First Minister reshuffling Cabinet. Could take a while. Carwyn doesn't like to rush things. Leighton should be back. Boy's got talent
@heddgwynfor not sure what you mean Hedd. The 3 Banks have said exactly that tonight. Thought I was just being factual. Find out tomorrow.
So Lloyds, RBS and now Clydsdale Banks all saying they will move out of Scotland if there's a Yes vote.
Well done Danny Alexander responding with patience and reason to idiotic questioning from Emily Maitlis on Newsnight.
England always been our big powerful brother - with our other smaller brother, Scotland, we've been strong together. Please don't leave us
Those of us who care about our Welsh nation, really care, and who set aside political advantage are hoping and praying for No vote next week
The false arguments that trip so easily from Alex Salmonds lips being seen through at long last. Pray that in the end, wisdom will prevail
Had planned to ask for condemnation of National Grid bullying tactics at PMQs today, focussing on NG Chairman. Saving the Union took over
Just do not think Plaid Cymru have thought through the Scottish Independence issue. I often agree with Plaid but they are so wrong on this
Don't think I can be described as a man short of political courage but I'm a wimp compared with Guto Bebb MP
Learned tonight in a House of Commons debate that I'd been abused on a blog site. Have never seen it because my policy is to ignore c***
Dear Scotland. I'm a proud Welshman. Please don't leave us. We've done great things together. Need you as a friend and partner in our union.
Thank goodness Gareth Bale was born a Welshman.
For once I agree with Carwyn Jones. I love Wales, and I fear for our future if Scotland leaves the union. Plaid Cymru are so wrong on this.
Good to see Michael Schumacher out of hospital. His fans, incl me had feared we would never see the day. Get better Michael.
So my question at tomorrows PMQ is no longer a question to the Prime Minister. Both he and Ed Miiband will be in Scotland. V understandable.
@russ_george great day for Newtown. Unfortunately my job demands I be in Westminster this week missing all the excitement. Did you see Brad?
@turt__ but the voices of Wales and Scotland are more powerful together. Big blow to Wales if Scotland leave UK. Pray it doesn't happen.
Been quite surprised by unpleasantness of supporters of Scottish independence on twitter towards anyone who disagrees with them.
Excellent meetingwith S4C tonight. Talked about successful future for our Welsh channel.  Welsh Tories really 'get' key role of our language
@iainmartin1 I'd rather think  of Scotland as beating Brazil 5-0
Mywelshpool reporting another head-on crash on Welshpool's one way system today. Road system from hell
What is it about the Lib Dems and sex. Far more likely to have filmed themselves in 'the act'- and of being unsure whether they have or not!
Sad to hear that Jim Dobbin MP has died suddenly. He was of one of the Labour MPs I genuinely liked and most respected. We agreed on so much
At least 38 Degrees are now seen as politically motivated anti-Tory group we always knew they were. Was always going to happen pre-election
I like Djokovic. He is a truly great player. But how wonderful for sport it would be if Nishikori could make the Final. Can't see it though
@RichardGrahamMP Gloucester has always been threatened by marauding Welshmen. Only hope is your own Welshmen settling in by return fixture
Agree with Sir Alex football should introduce sin bin. Appropriate punishment for professional fouls/diving. Red cards reserved for violence
Great to read that George North has started the season in brilliant form, scoring three tries for Northampton tonight.
Don't think my followers believed me when I said I knew Lauren. Well just came across this photograph. We got on well http://t.co/kOobuhirhq
The irony of today's HoC debate/votes on housing benefit is that it was the Lib Dem Minister, Steve Webb who assuaged my own doubts!!!
@georgeeaton @roger_scully they are very different. One has gone temporarily, and one would be gone for ever!
@2ndChanceMan you can graze sheep on land set aside for solar park - probably not quite as densely. Graze geese as well. But not pigs, cows.
So Lib Dems want early budget (Feb) to stop Chancellor give-always before May election. You have to laugh. Brass neck from give-away experts
Being a Tory MP chosen to contest Montgomeryshire by Open Primary, I welcome our decision to choose our Clacton candidate by the same method
@plantiltd we used to live in Adventurers Quay. Would have been quite a shock to look out the window and see NATO destroyer parked outside
Should I call them ISIL, ISIS or Islamic State? Since PM and Ed Miliband call them ISIL, that's good enough for me.
@welshronald Fair question who pays for solar farm subsidy. The bill payer does. It's why subsidy levels must fall if industry is to prosper
Where there's no significant public opposition, and convenient Grid connection, I think I'm supportive of solar farms http://t.co/b19t4W4djj
Perhaps the most beautiful female creature I've met this year. Once a sheep farmer, always a sheep farmer. http://t.co/rGwOaXF9FF
Great to see England Women's Rugby team in Westminster today. John Randall snuggled in team photo. Had to kneel. Hope made it back up again!
Just met perhaps greatest living Englishman - and this Welshmen was proud to be photographed will Bill Beaumont! http://t.co/53b22dpTQM
@gallaghereditor  terrific footballer too.
@uxbridgewalrus sorry John but I don't like ring necked parakeets at all. Unwelcome Invaders taking the place of British favourites
@VaughanRoderick I wonder if this man has ever stood for election or does he just express his thoughts from his armchair.
Just had hugely positive meeting with Culture Minister, Sajid Javid about S4C and Welsh Language. Really onside for Welsh Culture.
See that Ukip' predicted vote share in Clackton by-election has crashed from 63% to 56%. Still all to play for
Nothing quite so maddening for an MP than to sit through a long debate only to find late on that his/her name is not on the Speakers list!
@MarkCrimbo Arwel Jones has taken over education brief on Powys County Council. He's not Myfanwy, but a steady pair of hands.
@DouglasCarswell Douglas, I would never be unkind to someone I respect but I do think you have made a major and self defeating mistake.
My personal manifesto at GE will be commitment to In/Out referendum in 2017after reneg of UK/EU relationship. Then decide. Know it's boring
Media frenzy about young Ashya King has totally mystified me. Seems sad if he's now separated from parents. Police and NHS need to justify
Sorry to see Chris Kelly standing down as an MP. He's a good man. Loss to Parliament. I suppose he is more than half my age!!
@williamgrahamam @russ_george very disappointed no buttonhole orchid though! But well done, Glyn
Ice bucket challenge I've most enjoyed was Conservative AM William Graham. He should have been wearing a suit and buttonhole orchid though.
Douglas may be articulate and intelligent, but he's made a big mistake. By-election syndrome will help him. Tories must go 100% to hold seat
How can anyone take the EU seriously on climate change policy when it moves the entire shooting match from Brussels to Strasberg every month
@George_North  top marks to the official for taking you on. I'd have just asked you for an autograph!
Llanfair Show is one of my favourites of the year. Surrounded by people I know. Take a bit of low intensity fire but all amongst friends.
UKIP and Tory tents facing each other, 20 paces apart at Llanfair Show from dawn this morning. No pistols or other weaponry in sight.
Called by the UKIP tent at Llanfair Show today. No-one there. What if I'd wanted to defect! Chance lost by a weak bladder? Had a chat later.
@aledwg my Open Primary meeting attracted full halls at Llansantffraid and Carno. Not our fault you missed adverts.  Lots of non-Tories too
@aledwg about 6 contested Open Primary in Montgomeryshire. 3 shortlisted but 2 turned up at 2 well advertised and well attended meetings.
I was selected to contest Montgomeryshire for Tories by 'Open Primary', Douglas for Ukip by political fix. So much for modernising politics!
For us of Eurosceptic instinct, division in our ranks is disastrous. It's how the integrationists succeed.  Sadly Douglas has helped enemy
Not often I disagree with great Charles Moore. I do today. Calm logic lost in cloud of Tory instinct. Douglas going Ukip is a v big mistake.
XX,GlynDaviesMP,Glyn Davies,383,28,2
