@GordonBanksMP
Sec of state for Scotland supports Labour position for a constitutional convention for England
Big majority to recognise Palestine tonight in commons vote!
In commons chamber for debate on Palestine, very happy to support the motion to recognise Palestine. Considerable support for the motion.
Started yesterday at 6am replacing vote NO posters in fields that had been vandalised- ending 261/2 hours activity now- going to bed!
To all Perth and Kinross No campaign team, thanks for all hard work, a great result, well done.
To all Clackmannanshire No campaign team , a big thank you. Not possible without you. So much appreciated
Clacks result 

No 54%

Yes 46%
Clacks result to be first in Scotland, well done wee county
Declaration due in Clackmannanshire
Will Clackmannanshire be first to declare?
Turnout in clacks 35411 88.6%
Thanks to all no campaigners and voters in Clackmannanshire today, good days work
@Lazybeds give me a call and I will tell you what I am doing rather than using a public forum to assume I am fence sitting
If that's it..roll on debate no 2. And roll on 18Sept..Well done Alistair Darling #ScotDecides
Alex Salmond wants you to trust him it will be alright, do you? #ScotDecides
18% of Scottish Chamber of Commerce members say they would leave Scotland if independent, loss of jobs, tax and opportunity #ScotDecides
Nice suit Alex, poor answers tho #ScotDecides
Salmond out of his depth on currency, pensions, cross border pension funding, college places #ScotDecides
Salmond nailed on charges to rUK students #ScotDecides
Everyone wrong except Mr Salmond #ScotDecides
Salmond accused of playing the man when things get tough #ScotDecides
Questioner gives it to Salmond #ScotDecides
Majority of Scots want uk to share oil revenues #ScotDecides
Darling reminds Salmond of his encouragement for RBS to take over ABN Amro #ScotDecides
I wonder if we will all be bad people if we vote no #lloydquinan #ScotDecides
Salmond asked what is his plan B.. Don't hold your breath for a clear answer #ScotDecides
More of the same is the order of the day Alistair #ScotDecides
Lot of ground to make up First Minister #ScotDecides
Alistair, ask him if Scotland would get the uk rebate in its negotiations with Europe #ScotDecides
Alistair, ask him if Scotland would get the uk rebate in its negotiations with Europe
Salmond is dreadful tonight#ScotDecides
Congrats to BreatheEasy Perthshire on 10th birthday, glad to see u at St Johns Centre Perth. They will be there tmrw go along and support
Ta to Perth and Kinross ADHD group for invite to open day today. Let's build on the hard work and make progress for ADHD kids and families
Thanks to Community School of Auchterarder for referendum debate today-57% no, 43% yes
Thank you to Clackmannanshire Business for organising referendum business event tonight, much appreciated
Scottish Water warning -downstream of glenfarg reservoir -aluminium sulphate pollution. Drinking water/ private supplies not affected.
At start of Alloa half marathon. Running for play alloa
Voted to kill the badger cull today, government should listen!
Thinking about Alloa half marathon this Sunday! Support Play Alloa, sponsor me- go to, http://t.co/AgcWNUgrr8, nearly at target, good cause!
Energy action event Alloa Town Hall Friday 28 Feb 1-3pm with 4 of big 6 energy suppliers, Uswitch, CAB, clacks council & others- come along
SNP want more time to debate the £ in indy Scotland why didn't they use the debate time they had yesterday in chamber. #keepthepound
@AngusMacNeilMP a lot quieter in Westminster hall now you not here
Why won't SNP tell us what currency an independent Scotland would have if not in sterling currency union, I'm listening for an answer
SNP want more time to debate keeping the £ in indy Scotland-simple- apply for a debate, don't hide and then moan when others take the lead
doubts about whether Scotland can use the pound after independence? read @MichaelMcCannMP excellent contribution in parliament#savethepound
@PeteWishart complaining about lack of time for SNP contributions in currency debate, well go ahead Pete you apply for one, see you then!
SNP muttering about not getting enough time to speak on currency debate, shame they didn't apply for such a debate!#keepthepound
@IanMurrayMP highlights the impact of Scotland defaulting on its debts will impact negatively on jobs, economy, savings and pensions
@AngusMacNeilMP chuntering in debate on Scotland's currency- it's not our debt
Brian Donohoe telling contribution in currency debate saying  @AlexSalmond used to consider the pound as a millstone around Scotland's neck
@IanMurrayMP saying in currency debate that @AlexSalmond tells us all to ignore the views of experts
Latest Trussell Trust data shows that 42% of foodbank users cite Benefit issues as the reason they attend foodbanks
Trussell Trust figures show 61000 people used foodbanks in 2010/11 but in 2012/13 it was over 345,000. Sad the Tories say this is ok
Why won't Tory government accept foodbank use has rocketed under them. Shame!
@Margaret_Curran simple approach to referendum is use values that built the welfare state and nhs to make union better #indyref
@Margaret_Curran highlights value of pensions will be eroded in indep Scotland  #indyref
@Margaret_Curran - independence will not empower the people of Scotland under Nat plans #indyref
@Margaret_Curran - credit card borrowing rates will be higher in independent Scotland  #indyref
@Margaret_Curran Says @AlexSalmond needs to be straight with the people of Scotland #indyref
@Margaret_Curran - white paper was a failure #indyref
@Margaret_Curran-give  @PeteWishart more time to speak in indy debate - helps better together campaign #indyref
After independence the border would be a barrier says @InverclydeMP  #indyref
@greggmcclymont We built this house together #indyref
@Vernon_CoakerMP in chamber to hear excellent speech from @GemmaWDMP on shambles of SNP defence policy in White paper #indyref
@GemmaWDMP -two faced SNP white paper on def, trident and NATO, no nuclear weapons in Scots waters or a no ask no tell policy? #indyref
@AngusMacNeilMP carrying on from where @PeteWishart left off Mdme Deputy speaker let him carry on all afternoon. Lots of no votes #indyref
@AngusMacNeilMP seems to be afraid to give way to anyone other than an SNP MP #indyref
@GraemeMorrice Scottish Government should focus on day job not abuse public resources paying for white paper SNP manifesto #indyref
@MichaelMcCannMP ripping into SNP and civil servants for publishing white paper at taxpayer expense #snpwishlist #indyref
Why didn't Deputy Speaker let @PeteWishart  speak for longer, adding votes to No campaign #indyref
@PeteWishart stealing labour's line Scotland is better than that... Nothing original in his words, helpful contribution for No campaign
@PeteWishart  has the commons in stitches with his dismissal of anything he doesn't agree with. Cross your fingers it will be ok #indyref
Why is leader of SNP @MorayMP in Westminster not speaking in Scotland debate today
@PeteWishart imagination running riot #indyref
Sandra Osborne highlighting SNP child care bribe for a yes vote
@JimHood_MP outlining the complexities of joining EU
No jam tomorrow if yes campaign get their way and morrisons and tesco leave Independent Scotland #indyref
@AnasSarwar Labour vision is bigger than independence #indyref
Only two SNP MPs put in requests to speak in Scotland debate in Commons today . Shame they aren't interested #indyref
Chair of Treasury Select Committee blows apart SNP claims of currency union in independent Scotland #indyref
@William_Bain- Scotland's best days ahead in UK #indyref
@William_Bain arguing strength of Scotland in UK, endorsing devolution and full partnership in UK #indyref
@William_Bain starts off Scotland place in the UK debate in commons -proud to Scot, proud to be British
Energy costs in Scotland under threat of further increase in independent Scotland, Scottish renewables cost currently spread thro UK
Graeme Pearson excellent on Sunday politics highlighting £50m spend on local control centres, only to close them now.
#where is macaskill
Training for Alloa half marathon. 8 miles yesterday, 10 miles this morning, now a hot bath!
Great to see standing room only at launch of Better Together Clackmannanshire
@BoltonNELabour lots of things. Give me email address and will get back to u.
@iainmacwhirter suggests today indep Scotland has currency options other than the £- perhaps @AlexSalmond will tell Scotland what they are
Surprising piece from @iainmacwhirter seems to suggest that the euro could be way forward for independent Scotland after BoE Governor speech
@sphenefan quite the contrary, debate showed real power in Labour's argument. Not speaking was a disappointment but will get another chance
@sphenefan interesting position to take when you don't know me
Had lots to say in food banks debate but sadly didn't get called by Speaker. Better luck next time, it will still sadly be relevant.
You have got to watch this government's shameful performance in the food bank debate #foodbankdebate
Esther McVey obviously doesn't give a damn#foodbanksdebate
Esther McVey says we should expect more people to use food banks, shame!
Esther McVey actually believes this tripe she is blubbering, that's the real worry
@hudsonlw guess when you get to USA there will be even less chance of us bumping into each other shopping
@hudsonlw I guess no alternative than to hang on in there and work thro the system
@hudsonlw yep saw tweet re Becky I bet it was a nice surprise as you say and sad on separating again, what is status re you going to USA
@hudsonlw I haven't seen you either but somehow I never arrived at the same assumption re you.
@hudsonlw apology accepted, at a loss as to where you thought I shopped when I live in Clackmannanshire.
@hudsonlw exactly what I do in Clackmannanshire
@hudsonlw you won't see me buying bridies cos people with coeliac disease can't eat them
Pos vision for Scotland-keep £,Bank of England, EU rebate,keep out of €, schengen,stay in NATO,on Sec Council -guaranteed in UK#indyref
White paper is an uncosted manifesto for the SNP, not a vision for an independent country, just a party wish list#indyref
Over 150 instances of pure assertion- not based on anything factual in the white paper-fantasy #indyref
Sturgeon reduced to reading out phone numbers in her speech on white paper
No 16-17 year old votes in an independent Scotland?
Maybe Salmond can explain why electronic version of white paper not available
Sturgeon says we won't be seeking any new arrangement with EU.
But others like Spain will! Let's have some honesty
Salmond could do what he wants an independent Scotland to do on childcare now, so why won't he
Is Salmond the new Scottish Dr Mcwho and Nicola his assistant
Perhaps Dr Who will appear and save Salmond from his stumbling, bumbling efforts
Nick Robinson hurting Salmond on his assert actions on currency
Here is a picture of the winning Christmas card entry . http://t.co/hBIg09xqDa
Very pleased to announce the winner of my annual Christmas card competition is Holly Brown. http://t.co/t647vsaVxR
Read my submission against police counter closures in Clackmannanshire , Perthshire and Kinross-shire.
http://t.co/Y71rEJYYGh
SNP making families pay the price of their big business tax cuts http://t.co/ywaZu2pFwZ #wrongpriorities #indyref
Total fabrication from Anne Main MP in chamber today on Bedroom Tax, absolutely disgraceful from Tories
@MartinNeill1 well done you. Happy to help. You will be excellent addition to strong Lab admin in Glasgow, hard work will pay dividends
Well done Cara Hilton on Newsnight. Solid and honest. #dunfermline
No mention of Dunfermline by election in Salmond's speech, wonder why?  #dunfermline
Well done Scottish labour and john4govan.....next stop Dunfermline #govan #dunfermline
Daily mail must be frightened of Ed Miliband hence the character assassination  of his father. Shameful action by British paper
@alstewitn :-)
This government must look at the policies that are forcing people to food banks to survive # food banks deserve our support
If Cameron thinks a poster in Jcp is support, what planet does he inhabit #food banks deserve our support
Cameron's government doing nothing to support food banks #food banks deserve our support
Join the campaign to stop the plan to sell off Royal Mail so we can protect the daily post delivery: http://t.co/MR1rUW1FHP
Can't believe Obama and Putin not meeting at G20. USA, Russia and China need to meet now on Syria crisis
Clegg was greatest asset to anti gov vote tonight, an appalling contribution from despatch box
How did Cameron read this so wrong, he put his authority on line and lost. Time to go?
Cameron just lost vote on military action in Syria
Gov decision to sell off Royal Mail is a disaster. In 10 years time mail services will be different than today and not for the better.
@MoorRowFC why not. I used to live in Cumbria !
@MoorRowFC nice one, hope you enjoy the night with the real banksy, tell him I am asking after him.
@HumzaYousaf i've been very busy over the last few weeks!
@STVNews and 30% to who?
@LindsayRoyMP well done
@HumzaYousaf talking drivel
@FifeLabour brill!
@vshand bayern score, Dortmund equalise and bayern score and win, shame
Yes!
Aw no!
Is this Man Utd v Chelsea
Great day in Crieff today for Better Together with @MspLiz  and @murdo_fraser and lots of others, thanks to everyone
Great to see central fm in Alloa this morning!
@Craigmiller1986 still in London, ta for updates, what a night!
@G4rve thanks for that, appreciated.
@gavsuave @humzayousaf need to start listening with the volume up!
@gavsuave @humzayousaf nae shots, nae saves
@SadieCybernat @glaikitgeezer @paulmoravia @humzayousaf without any central bank security on savings or pensions, is that what you want?
Perth Better Together brill today. Lets win well!
@stvharry one thing you can bank on is that @GordonBanksMP will keep playing this banker against a government that the hungry can't bank on
@Margaret_Curran, we can rebuild Britain
@Margaret_Curran creates a new Scottish employment for the future task force
@Margaret_CurranMP slates Danny Alexander, Michael Moore and Jo Swinson at Scottish conference
a stunning and moving speech from Johann Lamont at Scottish labour conference in Inverness
Just finished debate on franchising of Alloa Crown Post Office. Surprising minister against franchising when a backbencher now in favour !
Looking forward to adjournment debate tonight in parliament on the Government's proposed franchising of Alloa Crown Post Office
Help to buy scheme , Barnett consequentials for Scotland?
Flat rate pension of £144 a year?, surely a week George!
Cut in corporation tax no use if companies not making profit
£15 billion infrastructure commitment not ill 2015 onwards, 10 billion already committed so is this £5 billion
£11.5 billon of cuts to come
Listening to when chancellor will get letter from Bank of England on targets in future, riveting!
If budget is fiscally neutral there is no stimulus
Is this osborne's budget or the evening standard's budget
Budget already in evening standard. Disrespecting parliament
@emmakinloch nice to hear from you, how is job
@emmakinloch 1 hr 56, a minute slower than pb. poor day for weather, excuse! Sponsor only poss by sending £ or cheque, on line not poss.
Craig miller and me before the torture!
Victoria and me at Alloa half marathon! Before!!! http://t.co/NjTfNx1NSi
Just finished Alloa half marathon, well done to everyone and thank you to Round Table for organising again
Raising funds for local food banks by running in Alloa half marathon tomorrow, never too late to sponsor!
About 12 and a half hours till start of Alloa half marathon. Need to keep my strength up and have an early night. See you in Alloa tomorrow
1369 customers affected by power cut in Crieff. Engineers working to restore power. Emergency contact number 0800 300 999
Never laughed so much as today at PMQs, Cameron knocked off from Ed's 1st question, never recovered even with soft questions from his side
Cameron going on about Ed's dinners in his diary but Pm's teas oot!
Cameron getting hammered at PMQs
PM says he has top team he wants, but doesn't he know his top team don't want him
Brilliant question from Ed
Presented petition to HoC tonight calling for gov to establish how many people being fed from food banks. Thanks to constituents for signing
Nightmare journey from Glasgow to heathrow ba1481. Stuck on Tarmac in Glasgow and heathrow. What is happening!
1200 households in Ochil and South Perthshire will be hit by the Bedroom Tax
Constituents signing food bank petition in Alloa. http://t.co/MZr0aV0lUA
Tory lib dem min calls bedroom tax a Labour cut, what a disgrace, its his tax and he is obviously relishing it
#BedroomTax debate Min agrees its about cost cutting. Right way is economic growth and boost tax returns thro growth. They haven't a clue.
Cameron forced to agree to "have a look" at my food bank petition with view to signing it. Will be contracting No10 to arrange this
@CrieffCommunityTrust, I'm coming, looking forward to it.
@PeteWishart, thanks for responding though!
@PeteWishart, that wasn't worth the wait
@PeteWishart why so frightened of one word
@PeteWishart, my thesaurus says separate is , divide, part, disconnect, split, break up, break away. To me that's pretty much separate
So @PeteWishart is no longer advocating separation ( http://t.co/L9DzGh0K )...guess he wants to stay in the UK!
@ScottishBaker glad to hear caravan gone, was just in process of chasing pkc again, but will chase re other things in their last letter
So pete wishart no longer advocating separation, so guess he wants to stay in UK @DavidPBMaddox
@Crm013Colin you should give up this betting lark
@martinmccluskey stonking isn't it
Cameron says the economy he inherited was unbalanced, is he?
Cameron going red again on food bank question. He should be ashamed
Cameron exposed on failure that is green deal. 5 household signed up to it. That is success?
Cameron says bank regulation was weak under labour but the fact is that he wanted to lighten it as stated in Andrew marr interview
Cameron doesn't get it. He is borrowing more to keep us in the economic doldrums
Cameron on rack and red in the face
Cameron defending second indefensible policy today. Economic policy is a shambles
Cameron agrees to look at case raised by Alison Seabeck MP, but its his policy that's wrong.
Good news that scot gov accept EC recommendations. Lets get on with the real argument now!
If Scotland became independent, Salmond would have to renegotiate new EU deal: why no ref for a newly independent Scotland on the deal
Did toast to lassies at Raytheon Burns Supper, great event, thanks to Lindsay Roy MP for invite
Clegg looks glum in PMQs
Cameron looks tired today in PMQs was he up early this morning
PM says he will lead stay in campaign,but hasn't renegotiated anything yet,therefore supports EU membership in any form, why do this then
Stuck on heathrow express due to loss of power on the line -argh!
@TimReidBBC ah a different GB I think!
@TimReidBBC hey I've been here all day,
Do the Nats have more urgent business elsewhere than Scotland's future
No Nats in debate in chamber in Westminster on Scotland's referendum and future
2013 lbleak for construction http://t.co/fjSZbhHE. No surprise. Scottish government don't support Scottish construction and supply firms
@BBCScotlandNews
#PMQs housing crisis is all to do with planning according to PM! He's wrong!
#PMQs another benefits question for Scrooge
#PMQs Cameron struggling on rickets question while others struggle with rickets
Ed says no-one believes PM
On food banks Cameron has no answers, just like his Scotland Office minister in this mornings debate
Good to see Ed Miliband going on food banks at PMQs, must have been inspired by Scottish MPS debate on the issue this morning
David Mundell has learned nothing from today's Scottish Labour food banks debate
Cathy Jamieson in Scottish labour debate on food banks highlights the number of families in arrears paying for school meals
Eilidh Whiteford contribution in Scottish labour food banks debate left me wanting more or actually......something
According to Eilidh Whiteford in scottish labour food bank debate ' a big boy did it and ran away'. Nothing to do with the Nats
Eilidh Whiteford offers nothing from Nats government on food banks
Graeme Morrice tells David Mundell that the issue if food banks in Scotland is avoidable if his government did something
Graeme Morrice in Scottish Labour debate on food banks says SNP standing idly by on the issue
Lindsay Roy says Scotland's poor deserve the Government's support
Lindsay Roy in Scottish labour food bank debate urges the government to do "something" about food poverty in Scotland
Lindsay Roy Scottish labour debate on food banks says SNP spend £500,000 on Salmond's Ryder Cup trip but nothing to feed hungry
Lindsay Roy in Scottish labour food banks debate says governments in Holyrood and Westminster should hang their heads in shame
@Jamie4Labour  well done. Wanted to be there, found out too late. Need to be at next meeting
@TimReidBBC comments about new access to Downing Street from Scotland office- but not for Secretary of State for Scotland by the looks of it
So are David and Michael going to room share and job share at Scotland office?
Michael Moore downgraded? Is Clegg the new unofficial SoS for Scotland?
So Michael Moore loses his office in Dover House. What is he going to lose next?
So the Bank of England haven't been in discussion with the SNP. You would hope Mr Swinney would be up to speed on these things. Sadly not!
PM just said business start ups at all time high- not so in Scotland according to the q3 stats from the Scottish bankers
Nothing in what Osborne said to help in uptake of ill-fated green deal.
Not helpful to construction industry!
Osborne says we risk being outsmarted, true as long as he is in charge of economy
Perth to get ultra fast broadband just need isolated rural areas
 around city to get something now
What world does the chancellor inhabit
@stvharry that leads us to who knows where
Osborne talks of creating 1.2 million jobs what about the 350,000 lost in construction
Cameron won't let Scottish office ministers on key economic and welfare committees!
Big worries re temperatures in Clackmannanshire are because 3500 houses are without a gas supply!
Weather forecast states due to reach -2 degrees for the next 4 days in Clackmannanshire- big worry!
@mikeweirsnp needs to read Hansard to work out the difference between a question and a statement!
Multiple visits to homes in my constituency to switch off gas that has already been switched off- what a waste of resources!
Scot Gas Network and Clacks Council need to ensure that vulnerable people are a priority re current gas leak situation in the area
XX,GordonBanksMP,Gordon Banks MP,257,14,0
