@GutoBebb
At Heathrow on my way to meet Dutch MPs with the APPG on anti-Semitism.
Enjoying the delicious new 'Take Me Bake Me' products by @siwgrasbeis in my Westminster Office with @Simonhartmp http://t.co/A2f4fXOW3w
Take Me Bake Me- Cynnyrch blasus newydd @siwgrasbeis yn cael ei fwynhau yn y swyddfa yn San Steffan gyda @Simonhartmp http://t.co/1RPAuIXGnX
Action against tax-dodgers is too slow and HMRC and has not done enough to bring big companies into line, warn MPs http://t.co/NeGrTm0dhS
Positive meeting with Swiss Banking Association.  Interesting.
Pleased to support the Mayor of Penmaenmawr in his efforts to keep Nat West open. http://t.co/i9qG1t5Z64
Falch o gefnogi Maer Penmaenmawr yn yr ymgyrch i gadw NatWest yn y dref. http://t.co/uYUYP0549h
Cyfarfod blynyddol pwyllgor aml bleidiol ar gamwerthu IRSA wedi ei gynnal heddiw. Dal yn gadeirydd.
APPG on Interest Rates Swaps held our AGM today.  I was re-elected as chairman.
Siaradwr gwadd yn nerbyniad Ffederasiwn Siopau Papur Newydd. http://t.co/iCnkZpXOXO
http://t.co/adepuYasa7
Welcoming the National Federation of Retail Newsagents to Westminster. @NFRN_Online
Very interesting evidence on the Cancer Drugs Fund @CommonsWelshAff
Welsh Select Committee hearing evidence on Cross Border health provision this morning. @CommonsWelshAff
Braf cwrdd a pennaeth Ysgol Capelulo hefyd!
Braf cwrdd a pennaeth Ysgol Pen Cae
The Civic lunch at Penmaenmawr was a great success.  Great to highlight work of community groups.
Cinio Maer Penmaenmawr yn llwyddiant mawr.  Mwynhau!
Great espresso at Providero's in Junction.  Quick break between events this morning.
Congratulations to all at Edwards of Conwy.  UK butchers of the year.  Superb effort! @EdwardsofConwy
Llongyfarchiadau mawr i Edwards o Gonwy - cigydd gorau Prydain! Gwych.
Good turnout at Conservative Policy Forum in Llandudno.  Delivered first speech of the day.
On reflection Springsteen live 1975-85 also impressive.  Five LP's though.  Does it count?
A pleasure showing Bodnant Welsh Food Centre @FoodCymru to the Minister @AlunCairns . Fantastic project! http://t.co/IWNqnLYnVG
Braf dangos Canolfan Bwyd Bodnant @FoodCymru i'r Gweinidog @AlunCairns . Project gwych! http://t.co/eYALLf8d19
A pleasure showing the Minister @AlunCairns a local success story. Thank you for the welcome @siwgrasbeis ! http://t.co/G4p5WkuBCo
Braf cael dangos stori lwyddiant i'r Gweinidog @AlunCairns. Croeso cynnes gan @siwgrasbeis! http://t.co/Nqzp0TbaYi
Wedi mwynhau sesiwn holi gyda myfyrwyr y Fagaloriaeth Gymreig yn Llandrillo. @colegllandrillo
Very enjoyable Q&A session with Welsh Baccalaureate students at Llandrillo. @colegllandrillo
Diwrnod o waith ynghylch bancio.  Cyfarfod GRG efo etholwr, trafod cau canghenau efo Radio Cymru a thrafod IRSA gyda Radio Wales.
This has been a bank day.  GRG with constituent, Radio Cymru about branch closures and IRSA item for Radio Wales.
@BBCRadioWales did another good programme on the interest rate swaps issue this evening.  Proud to be involved.
Van Morrison - It's Too Late to Stop Now.  Best live album ever?
Accompanying a constituent to a meeting with the infamous GRG division of RBS.  Will they behave?
Useful and productive street surgery in Craig y Don today.
Ar gyfartaledd crewyd 13,000 o swyddi pob wythnos dros y 12 mis diwethaf.
On average the UK created 13,000 jobs each and every week last year.
30.8million now in work.  Highest number ever.  Keep up the good work!
30.8miliwn mewn gwaith, yr uchaf erioed.  Dalier ati!
Today's unemployment figures show a 24% year on year fall in Aberconwy.
Unemployment in Aberconwy in October 2014 was 235 lower than October 2013.
Diweithdra Aberconwy Hydref 2014 wedi syrthio 235 dros y flwyddyn ddiwethaf.
Interesting argument and well made. Rt. Hon. Owen Patterson also in agreement!  
http://t.co/uoktXzP2Zw
RBS am gau yn Llanrwst a Phenmaenmawr.  Newyddion drwg iawn.
@RBSGroup pulling out of Llanrwst and Penmaenmawr.  Very bad news.
Surprised to see the Lords having such an influence on the Wales Bill.  MP's are elected after all!
Llongyfarchiadau i Julie Fallon ar sicrhau defnydd o'r hen lyfrgell fel canolbwynt cymunedol i Ddeganwy.
Deganwy Hub shows what constructive engagement can achieve.  Well done Julie!
Councillor Julie Fallon deserves congratulations for securing Deganwy Library as a Community Hub.
Quite a funny book review made more so by the background of the author and reviewer. And the book IS a good read. http://t.co/xTcYmVhsxF
MPs call for compulsory code of practice to protect dairy farmers http://t.co/tScS50R4QK
Looking forward to hearing Owen Patterson at the Conwy Patrons Club this evening.
Cymhorthfa brysur iawn yng Nghonwy heddiw.
Busy surgery and a good meeting with Llandudno beach campaigner.
Interesting debate on the Living Wage.    Small businesses need to be persuaded not forced.
Newydd gyfrannu i ddadl ynghylch perthynas Prydain ag Iran.
Just spoken in a debate about UK policy with respect to Iran.
Newydd orffen Y Sgwrs ar S4C.  Digon difyr ond son am drio creu straeon.
Not far off the mark.   

Agos at y gwir.
 
http://t.co/15Si6dp46p
Fy nghynulleidfa o bensiynwyr heddiw.

My pensioner audience today at Westminster. http://t.co/LYuflIg5Lz
Glad to see Senator Tim Scott become the first black Senator in the US South since reconstruction.  A TTIP advocate.
First black senator elected in US South since Civil War era
http://t.co/XuLUuCGdyh
My friend, Congressman Charlie Dent reelected unopposed in Pennsylvania.  Oh for such an election!
Use of EU funds to diversify agriculture highlighted with reference to Welsh Food Centre at Bodnant.
Pillar 2 yn allweddol fel modd o gyllido arallgyfeirio o fewn amaeth.
@Simonhartmp debate on dairy prices very well attended.  Difficult to cut speech down to 3 minutes though.
Dadl brysur ynghylch y diwydiant llaeth.  Cyfyngu aelodau i dri munud.
Glad to see that Labour spokesman at NPC rally accepted that the triple lock introduced in 2010 has been effective.
Spoke at a rally held by the National Pensioner Convention.  Lively!
Syndod oedd gweld dim un AS Plaid Cymru yn cefnogi mesur i atal erthylu ar sail rhyw y plentyn.
Those in favour and against ISDS agree that there is no reason why NHS should be affected.
Very useful meeting of the all party group on TTIP this evening.  Case for ISDS considered.
RBS Will Now Help City Police Tackle Financial Crime - poachers turned gamekeepers http://t.co/IFdW9WcPGU via @HuffPostUKPol
Good and useful meeting with William Hague to discuss further devolution and #EVEL
Cyfarfod buddiol gyda William Hague i drafod datganoli a #EVEL.
http://t.co/fEKaYiSLQC  Great project in the community of Dolgarrog http://t.co/atk3sveOqG
George Osborne urged to promise a tourism VAT cut in the autumn statement http://t.co/w0DIaT1FpE
Enjoyed my visit to the Autumn Fair at All Saints in Deganwy.  Good coffee!
Liam Fox talking a lot of sense on these two issues #WelfareLiberation @LiamFoxMP 

http://t.co/oxEE48j6dv
Liam Fox talking a lot of sense on these two issues #fundamentalistthreat @LiamFoxMP 
http://t.co/EPPkIuAIea
Newyddion da iawn!

Very good news! http://t.co/bp5DYUmWnJ
Excellent article.  Dan Hodges correct again. @DPJHodges 
http://t.co/vhl8qJl0EY
Newyddion rhyfeddol o’r Alban. 

Incredible news from Scotland!

http://t.co/NLSKUSWs0o
Much common sense here. @Telegraph http://t.co/ZGULhhYjx3
ust done Radio Wales on PAC report looking at Border Control.
Cyfarfod defnyddiol gyda Comisiynydd y Gymraeg heddiw bore. @ComyGymraeg
Great meeting with 3, the mobile phone company.  Good news on the way for Aberconwy. @ThreeUK
Hollol gywir | Fair analysis #EUreferendum http://t.co/3Yej53ayDg
Start the day with a radio interview discussing PAC report on UK border controls.
Cyfweliad efo Radio Cymru i ddechrau'r diwrnod.  Rheolaeth prosesau mewnfudo dan sylw gan y PCC.
Ken Clarke is a willy old fox!  Very impressive.
EVEL = English Votes for English Laws
Meeting with William Hague to discuss options for continued devolution and #EVEL
Liberals have just killed the EU Referendum Bill (again).  No trust in the people.
Rhyddfrydwyr newydd ladd deddfwriaeth ar gyfer pleidlais Ewropeaidd.  Dim ffydd mewn etholwyr.
John Major yn ardderchog heddiw.  Hen ben.
No deal with UKIP a key message from Sir John.
John Major on fine form today in a meeting with Conservative MPs
Surprised that Zac Goldsmith amendment lost so badly.  Status quo rules :-(
Just voted for Real Recall.  Lost badly though.  For 166 Against 304.
Public Accounts Committee never fails to highlight interesting if obscure facts. @CommonsPAC
Defnydd o'r rhyngrwyd yn gweld nifer y ffurflenni treth yn syrthio o 1,700 i 600.
Digital forms project results in HMRC reducing number of forms from 1,700 to 600.  Good news! @CommonsPAC
Compare well argued piece on Palestine in Times by ex Spanish PM Anzar with opportunistic comments of sacked UK ministers. Telling.
Biggest mistake made by correspondents is to believe that NI contributions go into pension fund.  Never has I regret to say.
TTIP will be great for the economy and will have no impact on the NHS. Deal being done by EU - free market zealots?
Arglwydd Wigley am fwy o arian o San Steffan ond hefyd o blaid annibyniaeth.  Diffyg cysondeb?
Lord Wigley favours an independent Wales.  He also wants more money from Westminster.  He appears confused.
Diddorol – pwyllog a chywir!
 
Intreresting – well argued and correct!
 
http://t.co/PFr46A6bYV
Nid yn unig y bu i Rosie yn fuddugol ddoe yn ei chategori ond mae hi hefyd wedi cael cartref newydd. http://t.co/q5R7rXUjPQ
Rosie, my rescue dog from yesterday, has found a home!
US Trade Envoy positive about latest developments on Trans Atlantic Trade Deal.  Good meeting.
Yesterday was slightly surreal.  First meeting was with US Trade Envoy and next was with a rescue dog called Rosie.  Never dull.
Llywodraeth San Steffan yn cytuno i ymchwiliad arall yn y maes iechyd.  Gwers i Lywodraeth Cymru?
Govt. willingness to have an open full evaluation of Oral Hormone Pregnancy Tests.  Responsible decision.
Spoke in a debate to support my constituent, Mrs Roberts.  Very pleased that Govt. accepted our argument.
Very proud of Rosie coming first in the rescue dog category! @DogsTrustPR @KCLovesDogs
Poor Kimbo is poorly so @DogsTrust have brought Rosie along! #WDOTY #dogoftheyear http://t.co/BdY238YRSu
HM Treasury accepting the point that much of the money that went into the NHS was spent on significant pay increases for Consultants and GPs
Despite Welfare Reform spending on Social Security up year on year.  All due to higher state pension.
Despite changes to Public Sector pensions the liabilities of UK Government is up by 16.5% in one year.  Now £1,172bn!
Whole of Government Accounts in Public Accounts Committee today.  Depressing.
Llywodraeth Cymru yn hanneru cyllideb Prentisiaethau.  Dim cynllunio tymor hir.
Welsh Labour slashing number of apprenticeships in Wales.  No long term plan.
Fy etholwraig, Margaret Roberts, yn dysteb i bwysigrwydd lobio Aelodau Seneddol.
I will be pleased to support my constituent, Margaret Roberts in tomorrow's debate on HPT's.
I was quite affected by the briefing prepared prior to a debate on Hormone Pregnancy Tests to be held tomorrow.
Useful meeting about @TheFCA redress scheme last night.  An appeal process is clearly essential.
I still feel quite inspired by the group from Ysgol y Gogarth that visited Westminster yesterday. @ysgolygogarth
Dal wedi fy ysbrydoli gan griw Ysgol y Gogarth oedd yn San Steffan ddoe. @ysgolygogarth
Diddorol | Interesting

http://t.co/YaGkv8oVN0
Pleser cael croesawu disgyblion @ysgolygogarth yn San Steffan heddiw. http://t.co/jQJjLodUDc
A pleasure to welcome @ysgolygogarth to Parliament today. http://t.co/nYzjancuW2
@DogsTrustPR Here's the right link! http://t.co/bdJeeYiIQH
Welsh NHS in the news again today.  Welsh Labour Government have questions to answer.
Gwasanaeth Iechyd Cymru dan y chwyddwydr heddiw.  Methiant Llywodraeth Cymru.
Long day.  A55 again conspired to see me fail to catch train.  Playing catch-up all day.
Happy to be a signatory to @ZacGoldsmith amendments to the recall bill #realrecall
Rheolwr tren Virgin i Lerpwl yn gwneud cyhoeddiadau yn y Gymraeg.  Chwarae teg. @VirginTrains
Ar fy ffordd adref am ugain munud i bump.  Wythnos hir iawn yn San Steffan.
Good meeting with SS for Wales this morning.  Constructive discussion of devolution.
Mesur refferendwm Ewrop wedi croesi'r cam seneddol cyntaf heddiw.  Dim golwg o'r gwrthbleidiau.
EU Referendum Bill passed first hurdle today.  Opposition parties conspicuous by their absence.
Mesur refferendwm yr UE yn y Ty 'fory.  Falch o fod yn noddwr.
EU Referendum Bill back on agenda tomorrow.  Pleased to be a sponsor.
Os am ddarllen adroddiad y Pwyllgor Dethol ar Faterion Cymreig ynghylch nwy shal yna cliciwch yma! http://t.co/2fMsskrxTl
Welsh Select Committee Report on Shale Gas can be read here. http://t.co/2fMsskrxTl
Dadl ddiddorol er fod Jac dan yr argraff fod Ynys Mon a Cheredigion wedi ethol Plaid yn y ‘70au!

http://t.co/UEt2UdJXrr
An interesting argument although Jac thinks that Ynys Mon and Ceredigion voted Plaid years before they did.

http://t.co/UEt2UdJXrr
Baroness Warsi complains that Monday night vote is ignored.  With 87% of Conservative MPs not in support she should be pleased!
Very pleased that @jameswhartonmp is now on the party board.  A good friend and (usually!) wise beyond his years.
Having looked at Hansard 87% of Conservative MPs stayed away or voted against Labour motion on Palestine.
Stephen Phillips razor sharp in PAC today.  Excellent.
Cwymp o 26% mewn diweithdra mewn blwyddyn yn Aberconwy.  Da ond angen gwneud mwy.
Unemployment in Aberconwy down 26% in one year.  Good progress but more to be done.
Diweithdra yn syrthio eto yn Aberconwy. Cwymp o 260 rhwng Medi 2013 a Medi 2014.
Further fall in unemployment in Aberconwy.  JSA claimants in September 2014 was 751, 260 less that September 2013.
Very good news this evening about the Number 19 bus in the Conwy Valley.
Newyddion da iawn heno am wasanaeth bws rhif 19 yn Nyffryn Conwy.
Glad to welcome Chris Owens and Michael Morton, two local businessmen, to the Commons this evening.
Made an application for a further debate on the IRSA scandal.
Wedi cyflwyno cais am ddadl arall i drafod camwerthu cytundebau ariannol i fusnesau.
Cytundeb bore heddiw o ran adroddiad y Pwyllgor Cymreig ynghylch gwerthu Cymru i'r byd.
Welsh Select Committee report on selling Wales to the world completed this morning.
Another good article. @spectator @DouglasKMurray http://t.co/S8TxoCaAbU
Good article.  Analysis rather than the grandstanding seen last night. @guardian 
http://t.co/Y8hBzybEAD
Less than half MPs voted this evening on a partisan motion.  Good.
With Lab payroll vote whipped but Gov abstaining and opponents of the motion keeping away this vote does not represent view of Parliament.
Anwybyddu y bleidlais yn y Tŷ heno sy'n galw am gydnabod gwladwriaeth cyn cytundeb heddwch.    Cam gwag.
Not taking part in this misguided vote to recognise a state before any agreed peace deal.  Foolish.
Debate on further Scottish devolution announced at short notice.  Welsh perspective will also need to be heard.
Dadl ar ddatganoli yn yr Alban yn newid i fusnes 'fory.  Angen llais Cymru yno hefyd.
Credibility of Back Bench Business work within the House being damaged this evening due to internal Labour disputes.
Back in London and despite all the media focus I actually enjoyed the PAC hearing on train procurement. @CommonsPAC
My article in the Telegraph today explains why I withdrew my amendment | via @Telegraph http://t.co/vbEGdfhImb
The Gatekeepers this evening was compulsive viewing.  So far removed from the simplistic debate scheduled for Monday.
Da cael cwmni Dewi Llwyd a Marian o'r BBC ym Mhenmachno heddiw.  Cyfle i weld AS wrth ei waith. @Dewi_Llwyd @BBCCymru @BBCRadioCymru
Useful meeting with FUW members at Llethr Hafod, Penmachno.  Useful for me at least! @FUWpress
Hybu Cig Cymru yn ddifyr iawn ym Mhenmachno.  Angen mwy o gefnogaeth serch hynny.
Cyfarfod buddiol gyda aelodau'r FUW yn fferm Llethr Hafod, Penmachno.  Gwerthfawr iawn i mi. @FUWpress
Good public meeting in Llanrwst last night.  Difficult to believe that such a tragedy has struck the town since then.
Cyfarfod cyhoeddus da yn Llanrwst neithiwr.  Anodd credu bryd hynny y byddai'r fath drasiedi yn tarro'r dref.
Very busy yesterday and today.  Guest speaker at Conwy Probus lunch and constituency surgery kept me busy yesterday.
Prysur iawn ddoe a heddiw.  Cymhorthfa, gwr gwadd efo clwb Probus Conwy oedd arlwy dydd Iau.
Councillors who work hard should be supported regardless of party.  In Deganwy I am fortunate that they are Conservative.
In my view four public meetings and regular updates is consultation.  Julie Fallon and Sam Cotton are workers.
Criticism of Conwy Council and Councillors over Deganwy Prom is unfair.  Local councillors have done well.
Pleased to hear that US Embassy were delighted with the meeting last night.  Credit goes to @JonathanEvansMP  though - great man! @USAinUK
The Long Shadow on BBC2 this evening made the BBC licence fee a pleasure once more.  Great two parter.  Excellent.
Can Welsh Labour please explain why Conwy County penalised again?  So much for efforts of Conwy Labour.
Llywodraeth Lafur Cymru yn bradychu Conwy eto.  Grant llywodraeth leol lawr 3.4% ar gyfartaledd.  Torriad Conwy yn 4.3%
Welsh Labour Government again choose to penalise Conwy.  Average Welsh Council grant cut 3.4%.  Conwy cut is 4.3%.
7 out of 9 local authorities in Cardiff and Valleys get funding cut less than Welsh Average.  Labour betray North Wales - again!
All but one Council in North Wales get funding cut which is at or above Welsh Average.
Tynedall Hotel in Llandudno provided an excellent lunch today.  They have an excellent kitchen.
Guest speaker at the Llandudno Conservative Lunch.  Excellent turnout and a very warm welcome.
Gwr gwadd yng nghinio misol Ceidwadwyr Llandudno.  Cyfarfod da a chroeso cynnes.
Congressman Dave Camp, Kevin Brady and Erik Paulsen were all key advocates of #TTIP.  Very encouraging view from the US.
Flying visit to Westminster last night to meet 3 members of US Congress to discuss the proposed EU/US Trade Treaty http://t.co/TtyfufAVaQ
Very pleased to have a tour of Llys y Coed, a North Wales Housing development in Llanfairfechan.  Very high quality.
Diolch i drigolion a Cartrefi Conwy am y croeso bore 'ma ym Mryn Castell, Llanfairfechan.
Cartrefi Conwy have ambitious plans for Bryn Castell.  I hope the exceed the expectations of residents.
Visited Bryn Castell in Llanfairfechan this morning to meet residents and see the re-development plans.
Enjoyed Hawl i Holi in Blaenau.  Big issue was the provision of health services in Conwy Valley and Blaenau.
Wedi mwynhau recordio Hawl i Holi.  Pwnc llosg oedd darpariaeth iechyd yn y Blaenau a Dyffryn Conwy.
Yn y Blaenau i recordio rhifyn o Hawl i Holi.  Hei lwc yr aiff pethau'n rhwydd.
Good to meet Mike Priestley this afternoon.  It's great to be able to work on a cross party basis with an effective local councillor.
Some good news.  Met a local business who have received £900k of redress through the FCA scheme.
Busy surgery in the Conwy office this morning.
Cymhorthfa brysur yn y swyddfa yng Nghonwy bore 'ma.
Cynllun benthyg i fusnesau bach yng Ngwynedd yn tarro deuddeg.  Syniad da i Gyngor Conwy?
Very impressed with the Gwynedd Council SME loan scheme.  Something for Conwy to think about?
Braf cael bod yn siaradwr gwadd yng nghynhadledd polisi'r FSB yn Llangollen.  Criw da wedi troi allan.
Pleased to speak at the FSB North Wales Policy Conference at Llangollen.  Decent turnout.
Gwr gwadd hefo Merched y Wawr yn Eglwysbach heno hefyd.  Dim syniad pam fod y pentref wedi'i arddurno efo bras!! http://t.co/shTjtL5Jhz
Siaradwr gwadd yn Ysgol John Bright heno.  Edrych ymlaen.  Ysgol dda yn camu'n mlaen yn hyderus.
Key note speaker at Ysgol John Bright this evening.  Looking forward to it.  Great school making huge progress.
Braf cael fath groeso ym Melin y Coed.  Fflamau tawel Hydref arall yn amlwg ar y coed.
Much appreciated the very warm welcome in Melin y Coed.  What a pretty village.
Tax reductions to be mainstay of a Conservative Government.  Crucial.
Lleihau trethi yn ganolog i Lywodraeth fwyafrifol Geidwadol.  Da iawn.
Personal Allowance increased to £12,500 if Conservatives form next Government.  Good!
Lwfans personol i £12,500 o ail ethol y Ceidwadwyr.  Gwych!
Tea and Welsh cakes in Betws thanks to Cwmni Cacen Gri.  Refreshed! @CacenGri
Paned a chacen gri yn Betws diolch i Cwmni Cacen Gri.  Diolch! @CacenGri
Cymhorthfa yng Nghonwy cyn cnocio drysau yn Nebo a Chapel Garmon.  Difyr!
Surgery in Conwy then knocking on doors in Nebo and Capel Garmon.  Worth doing!
The work of the Public Accounts Committee gets the support of the Chancellor today.
Gwaith y Pwyllgor Cyfrifon Cyhoeddus yn derbyn cefnogaeth y Canghellor heddiw.
Da clywed fod y Canghellor am dargedu trefniadau treth busnesau megis Apple, Google ac Amazon
Apple also in the firing line of the Chancellor over their tax affairs.  Good.  They killed the record shop and abuse taxpayers.
Corporation Tax changes to stop Google and Amazon avoiding UK tax announced by Chancellor.  Good!
Reserve powers model for the Assembly inevitable after Scottish vote.  More clarity and simpler.
Newid arfaethedid yn statws datganoli Cymru yn anorfod.  Da iawn Stephen Crabb am ddweud hynny.
Araith bwysig gan Stephen Crabb.  Angen atwbolrwydd cyllidol i'r Cynulliad.
Stephen Crabb is right in his comments to Conference. Accountability to the Assembly must come through bank accounts as much as ballot box.
Bore braf yma'n Llundain.  Hei lwc fod yr haul yn gwenu yng ngogledd Cymru.
On the Liverpool train to get back.  Funny how many Liverpool FC supporters on train.  As with Man U locals support the blues!
The limited Government motion was supported by a large majority.  Correct but difficult decision.
Cynnig cyfyngedig y Llywodraeth wedi derbyn mwyafrif mawr.  Penderfyniad cywir ond anodd.
Newydd gyfrannu i Tarro'r Post ynghylch y bwriad i ymosod ar IS.
Just done Morning Call on Radio Wales.  Paul Flynn MP is becoming increasingly bizarre in his conspiracy theories.
Cyfarfod cyhoeddus yn Llanfairfechan am awr yn unig heno o 6-7.  Angen dal tren i Lundain.
Back from Swansea following TV, meeting in Llanfairfechan then train to London.  Too much!
Nol o Abertawe wedi Pawb a'i Farn.  Cyfarfod yn Llanfairfechan yna tren i Lundain.  Gormod!
http://t.co/hZTP6yyvEv
Arolwg barn diweddaraf yn awgrymu swing o Lafur i'r Ceidwadwyr.  Teimlo felly wrth gnocio drysau.
Latest ICM poll in Wales shows a swing from Labour to Conservatives.  Feels like that when knocking on doors.
Erthygl dda gan Alice Thomson yn Y Times heddiw. Digalon ond cywir. @aliceTTimes @thetimes http://t.co/RySstGSr4U
Good article by Alice Thomson @aliceTTimes in @thetimes today. Depressing but true. http://t.co/RySstGSr4U
MP Guto Bebb 'sympathetic' to English votes for English laws http://t.co/8OkgHMEybR
Wedi galw i ddymuno'n dda i drigolion tai newydd Cartrefi Conwy ym Mhenmachno.  Tai o safon.
Called to wish all the best to the residents of the new Cartrefi Conwy development in Penmachno.  Very high quality houses.
Knocking doors in Cwm Penmachno today.  Enjoyable until the rain came down.
Cnocio drysau yn Cwm Penmachno heddiw.  Difyr tan i'r glaw ddod!
Cyfarfod da a buddiol yn Chequers heddiw.  Yr angen am newid ar sail teg yn amlwg.
Very good and positive discussion at Chequers today.  Change on the basis of fairness must happen.
The train to London full of depressed Everton fans and rather happy Palace fans.  I am in the former camp!
Y tren i Lundain yn llawn cefnogwyr digalon Everton a nifer o rai bodlon Crystal Palace.  Dwi yn y grwp cyntaf.
On my way to catch a train to London so that I can be at Chequers tomorrow.
Angen dal y tren i Lundain er mwyn mynd i Chequers 'fory.  Cyfarfod hanesyddol?
Truth more important than any reputation.  Blog saga continues.....
Good Q&A at Ysgol Glan Clwyd today.  Well informed audience and a good mix of questions.
Cyfarfod da yn Ysgol Glan Clwyd heddiw.  Criw da a chwestiwn neu ddau digon anodd.
Bu i mi fethu mynychu cyfarfod gyda BT yn Llanrwst.  Problemau technegol yn y swyddfa wedi fy ngwneud yn hwyr.
Missed a BT meeting in Llanrwst today.  Apologies.  Needed to get urgent work out but my broadband was down!
Cofiwch fy nghyfarfod cyhoeddus yn yr Imperial, Llandudno, heno.  Croeso i bawb.
Remember my public meeting in the Imperial Hotel this evening.  All welcome.
Pethau'n parhau'n agos iawn yn yr Alban.  Cawn weld.....
Scotland remains a very tight call.  We shall see.....
Falch o gefnogi agoriad swyddogol Draig Tex ym Mochdre heddiw.  Crest co-operative yn cynnig arweiniad unwaith eto.
Pleased to support the official opening of Draig Tex at Mochdre today.  Crest co-operative leading the way again.
Busnesau bach yn Aberconwy yn ganolog i'r cwymp yn y nifer sy'n ddi-waith.
Unemployment in Aberconwy is falling because of the success of small businesses such as North Wales Engineering Solutions.
Great visit to North Wales Engineering Solutions in Llandudno.  Created 11 new engineering jobs in three years!

.
Encouraging news again concerning continued fall in unemployment http://t.co/qNgByCPyK5
Cyfarfod buddiol gyda cyn filwyr ac aelodau o'r lluoedd arfog.  Criw da ond yda ni'n gwneud digon iddyn' nhw?
Pleased to visit SSAFA group meeting in Conwy today. Despite understanding of the needs of veterans are we supporting them as we should?
Unemployment figures fall again in Aberconwy.  A year on year fall of 297 compared to August 2013.  More to do but good progress.
Diweithdra yn Aberconwy wedi syrthio eto.  Cwymp o 297 ers Awst 2013.  Mwy o waith i'w wneud ond cam cadarn arall.
Network Rail seem to have ignored the views of residents in Penmaenmawr whilst building a new security fence.  Consultation always best!
Noson braf yng nghwmni Merched y Wawr yn Nolgarrog.  Lot gwell na politics!
http://t.co/0qyaUAPhvP
Better for Better Together this evening.  53% to 47%.  6% no lead.
Arolwg barn gwell i na heno, 53% yn erbyn 47%.  Na 6% ar y blaen.
Labour response to my debate disappointing.  This was about protecting constituents.  More important than cheap point scoring.
More constituents coming forward with examples of NWP ignoring their concerns about poison pen blog.  Distressing stuff.
No PMQs today.  Scotland is now an very real concern for the Westminster bubble.  Not before time.
Dim PMQs heddiw.  Sefyllfa o ran yr Alban yn fater o bryder go iawn yma'n San Steffan.
Newydd gynnal dadl ynghylch blog lleol ffiaidd.  Cwestiwn neu ddau i'r heddlu.
Just done my Adjournment Debate on local poison pen blog.  Questions for North Wales Police.
Organising a series of events at Westminster to discuss EU/US trade deal.  Very high calibre of speakers.
Trefnu rhaglen o ddigwyddiadau i drafod cytundeb masnach rhwng UE a'r UDA cyn y Nadolig.  Siaradwyr o safon.
Bully Banks at Westminster today to discuss autumn / winter strategy.  Good and positive meeting. @bully_banks
Pleased to be a sponsor of @andrewpercy and his ten minute rule bill on gratuities in the Service Sector.
Jim Murphy on Radio 4 talking about the "certainty of new powers".  Surely it depends upon an agreement in Parliament?
Useful meeting with the Chief Executive of S4C this evening. @S4C
Cyfarfod defnyddiol efo Prif Weithredwr S4C heno. @S4C
Arolwg barn arall yn dangos ia ar y blaen.  Fydd gwleidyddiaeth byth 'run fath.
Another opinion poll showing Yes 1% ahead.  This is serious.
http://t.co/774vbyXfCD
Daily Mail front page is a gift for the Yes campaign in Scotland.  Ed Mill is an idiot.
Gareth Bale thinks that Wales will qualify for Euro 2016.  I can only hope.
Gareth Bale o'r farn y bydd Cymru yn cyraedd Ewro 2016.  Gobeithio wir.
Dim un ebost o'r etholaeth ynghylch celwydd y Mirror ond stwff difyr fel arall gan gynnwys dymuniad i fy ngweld yn marw o gancr.  Hyfryd.
Amongst the emails received since Labour candidate manufactured a story about me was a wish to see me "die of cancer". Nice.
Text message from the Mirror journalist who wrote an interesting piece about me describing is as a hatchet job.  Honest at least!
Sibrydion fod arolwg barn You Gov heno am rai Ia yn yr Alban ar y blaen.
Rumours that the You Gov poll will show a yes lead in Scotland.
Why do Conservative politicians simply accept BBC spin?
Andrew Mitchell DID NOT vote for military action in Syria last year.  BBC spin on Newsnight that he should have corrected.
Posibilrwydd y bydd arolwg barn o'r Alban heno yn rhoi Ia ar y blaen.
Rumours that an opinion poll this evening will show a Scottish Yes poll lead.
Cig oen o Loegr ar y fwydlen yma'n San Seffan.  Digon blasus ond ddim patch ar gig oen Cymreig o Eryri.
English lamb on the menu at Westminster today.  Not bad but lacks something when compared with Snowdonia Spring Lamb.
Diolch Mike Skerrett, Dolwyddelan am ei gwestiwn ynghylch band llydan. Safle we BT ddim yn gywir. Uwchraddio yn digwydd yn Betws a Llanrwst.
I am writing to all my email contacts highlighting the outcomes of the BT meeting.  Send us your email and we will share.
Cyfarfod da iawn gyda Sajid Javed ynghylch dyfodol S4C.  Brwdfrydig a llawn syniadau.
Da cael cefnogi Blind Vetrans yn San Steffan heno.  Elusen wych sy'n gyffeliad i Graig y Don.
Great to support Blind Veterans in Parliament this evening.  Fantastic charity - so proud of the centre in Llandudno.
More Conservative MPs looking to stand down but close to home this time.
Cyfarfod defnyddiol gyda BT.  Disgwyl sicrwydd yn gynt yn hytrach na hwyrach o ran union effaith uwchraddio cyfnewidfa wledig.
Useful meeting with BT.  Clarity on extent of exchange upgrades and impact on outlying areas expected soon.
Meeting with BT (again!) to discuss broadband provision.  Good use of time for the APPG on Welsh Tourism.
Gwerth y Rhaglen Waith yn dod yn gynyddol amlwg.  Cefnogaeth i'r diwaith a hwb i'r economi.
Those who ridiculed and attacked the Work Programme need to apologise.  It's a real success.
Research by ERSA highlights delivery of £18bn of added value to the economy through the Work Programme.
76% o gynnydd yn y nifer o ymgynghorwyr meddygol o fewn y Gwasanaeth Iechyd yn Lloegr.  Beth am Gymru?
Cynnydd o 20% mewn meddygon teulu yn Lloegr.  Beth yw'r sefyllfa yng Nghymru?
76% increase in Hospital Consultants within English NHS.  Again it would be interesting to find the Welsh figure.
20% more GPs in England now than when GP contracts were changed. I wonder what the position is in Wales?
A good report from NAO if not perfect. Much better GP performance than Wales though.
Adroddiad da ond ddim yn berffaith.  Heb amheuaeth y perfformiad yn well na Chymru.
Back to Westminster and three hours in the Public Account Committee.  GP out of hour services.
I find it an odd coincidence that within a few hours of making several FOI requests to NWP a local poison pen blog decides to take a break.
Funny that, I only asked them once to take down a single page of lies.
I'm told that a local poison pen website has blamed me for their decision to take a break.
Last advice surgery of the summer in Conwy today.  Back to Westminster on Monday :-(
Cymhorthfa olaf yr haf yng Nghonwy heddiw.  Nol i San Steffan dydd Llun :-(
Pleser cael ymweld a Chanolfan Ymchwil Cancr ym Mhrifysgol Bangor yn dilyn gwahoddiad gan Rick Beardmore sy'n etholwr.
Fantastic to visit cancer research centre at Bangor University following an invite from constituent Rick Beardmore.
Swyddfa'r chwipiaid ar y ffon sawl gwaith heddiw.  Falch o ddweud nad oedd o ddim oll i wneud a Carswell yn ymuno ag UKIP!
Whips Office on the phone again today.  I can confirm it had nothing to do with the Carswell defection!
Several full tear-up of Interest Rate Swap Agreements over past few days.  Shame that progress on CLs is slow.
Thinking of PCCs ours is OK though I supported the Conservative.  Shame that his campaign was undermined from within.
Labour PCC in trouble over Rotherham scandal.  Labour MPs who supported him now calling for his head. Self preservation?
Cymhorthfa amrywiol eto bore 'ma.  Arriva Trains yn parhau yn destun cwynion.
Wide ranging surgery discussions this morning.  Arriva Trains once again subject to complaints.
Been working on numerous FOI requests for the North Wales Police.   Working on a case with the IPCC.
Cofiwch fod #GruffRhys yn perfformio yn Llanrwst nos Wener. Dwi'n rhy hen ac yn cofio #FfaCoffi. I bawb arall ewch i gefnogi!
Good news from Middle East.  A permanent ceasefire agreed between Hamas and Israel.  Will Hamas honour this deal?
Good to talk with the BBC today.  A mixture of local issues and national developments.  Good to see BBC Wales doing investigative work.
Busy day in the office and met several constituents.  Interesting interview with the Daily Post about the Darling v Salmond debate.
Prysur yn y swyddfa a cyfarfod gyda sawl etholwr.  Cyfweliad gyda'r Daily Post am ddadl Darling v Salmond neithiwr.
"If we are better together then why are we not better now".  Difficult Q for party claiming NHS failing. 2/2
Labour lead the no campaign in Scotland.  Risk became clear  last night.  1/2
Salmond yn ennill yr ail ddadl 71% i 29%.  Digon i roi sbardun i'r ymgyrch ia?

3 wythnos ddifyr tan 18/9
Salmond wins second debate 71% to 29% says ICM.  Game changer?
Salmond yn debycach i'r hyn y byddwn yn ddisgwyl.  Darling yn chwalu dadl Llafur ynghylch lleihad mewn gwariant iechyd.  Gonest iawn!
Salmond better this time than in the last debate.  Great to hear Darling admit that NHS spending has gone up since 2010.
Darling being positive about the Work Programme in his debate with Salmond. Labour changing their view as success becomes obvious?
Da gweld Llyr Huws Gruffydd yn sioe Ysbyty Ifan.  Tydi gwleidyddiaeth ddim yn bopeth i ddau gyn stiwdant yn Aber! @LlyrGruffydd
Great show at Ysbyty Ifan today.  Despite some rain the spirits were high.
Braf ymweld a sioe Ysbyty Ifan heddiw.  Er yn wlyb y croeso yn gynnes a nionod Plas yn drawiadol!
Little David claims libel by local blog is fine but when challenged about his racist views complains to the police.  Poor dab.
Poor David Jones.  He gets five minutes of his own medicine and complains to the police!  Sensitive soul.
@wyda15 Menai, Mari - mam i ddau.  Be sy'n gneud chi'n expert?  Dau o blant ta dy enw? Byw yn Israel?
Ymddengys fod Cai (PC) Larsen o'r farn fod Hamas = Saudi.  Lle mae hynny'n gadael PC?
Poor David Jones.  Two MPs and he starts to complain.  As for Wy Da, many Mari's in Cardiff.  Come clean. @dwrj87 @wyda15
David Jones cares not that Israel is mostly Jewish yet he is so quiet about Islamic atrocities.  Coward? @dwrj87
Passionate issues deserve your name Wy Da.  Why hide your identity? Not confident in your all so typical views? @wyda15
Interesting response. Useful idiots such as @dwrj87, @chriswdrew and @dafyddiwan ALL fail a single condemnation of Hamas actions #twofaced
Tri chynnig i un sy'n pregethu'r efengyl ond dim condemiad o ddienyddio mewn gwaed oer. Hen destament sy'n plesio Dafydd? @dafyddiwan
Funny how execution is wrong but fine when done by Hamas.  Plaid ex President refuses to condemn.
Felly fe ymddengys nad yw @dafyddiwan yn condemnio dienyddio mewn gwaed oer?
Hogyn pedair oed yn cael ei ladd gan roced daniwyd o ganolfan y Cenhedloedd Unedig yn Gaza. Hamas yn defnyddio'r CU.
Four year old killed by rocket fire from an UN establishment in Gaza.  UN being used by Hamas.
Hamas yn dienyddio 18 mewn gwaed oer.  Dim sylw gan @dafyddiwan, Angharad Tomos @Rwdlian na @JillEvansMEP.  Pam?
Hamas executes 18 Palestinians in cold blood.  No comment from their supporters in the UK.  Why?
Vote for Bob! A vote for Bob is a vote for nature. Sign the petition today! https://t.co/skda35sVK9
Busy surgery at Betws and Dolwyddelan this morning.  Ysbyty Ifan and Capel Garmon this afternoon.
Cymhorthfa brysur yn Betws a Dolwyddelan bore 'ma.  Ysbyty Ifan a Capel Garmon p'nawn 'ma.
Closure threat for Homebase in Llandudno could cost up to 40 jobs http://t.co/bfEDqxP0YI
Had a nice coffee in Lilly's today. Nice spot and justifiably busy. Easy to see why popular with local business people and amateur scribes.
Ers lansio'r Ewro yn 1999 mae economi yr Eidal wedi tyfu 3%, Ffrainc 17% a'r Almaen 18%.  30% di'r perfformiad yn y DU!
Since the Euro was launched in 1999 GDP in Italy is up 3%, France 17% and Germany 18%.  UK managed 30%.  So much for the euro!
Ni chafwyd enw i'r Alsatian ond fe fu i mi gwrdd a gafr o'r enw David.  Enwyd gan ei fod yn Gymro fe ymddengys!
The Alsatian naming was cancelled but I did meet an old goat called David.  Named because he is Welsh it would appear.
The sun shone on the Llanrwst show today and the crowds were out in force.  Had a great welcome.  Thank you!
Yr haul yn gwenu ar Lanrwst heddiw a'r Sioe yn brysur a hwyliog.  Croeso cynnes iawn gan bawb.
Oscar?  No, been done before for an Alsatian in Conwy from what I hear.
Sioe Llanrwst 'fory.  Dim beirniadu cystadleuaeth cwn wsnos yma ond wedi cael cais i enwi Alsatian!
Llanrwst show tomorrow.  No dog judging this week I hope.  However, I have been asked to name an Alsatian!
Do solicitors have too much time on their hands?  A question posed by a constituent today.
Pum cymhorthfa arall heddiw o Ddeganwy i Lanfairfechan.  Materion amrywiol fel arfer.
Another five surgeries today from Deganwy to Llanfairfechan.  Usual variety.
Had Michael Gove on the phone.  I get the impression that he will be a very good Chief Whip.
Nine surgeries Wednesday and Thursday, all well attended.  Met police to discuss issues.
Naw cymhorthfa dydd Mercher a dydd Iau.  Pob un yn brysur.  Cyfarfod gyda heddlu diwedd prynhawn.
Kim at O2 in Llandudno is a star.  My phone has been dead for two days but sorted by the O2 team.  Thanks. @O2
@LlandudnoFC10s Voted. Pob lwc!
I'm backing the @Conservatives' long-term economic plan, which has helped to create 1.8m more jobs. http://t.co/5fT57LK4q0
Been asked why not use a local firm to send a legal letter to local blog. Would be unfair of me to put one local business against another.
Cymhorthfa brysur yng Nglan Conwy.  Prysur ac amrywiol.  Dim golwg o Alwyn ap Huw er gwaethaf ei honiad fod o eisiau sgwrs.
Busy surgery in Glan Conwy.  Best attended in the village for a while.  Great welcome too.
Interesting surgery at Maenan.  Nice to go to a much smaller area in terms of population.
Cymhorthfa ddifyr yn Maenan.  Braf mynd i ardaloedd llai poblog.
Had some spare time before Glan Conwy surgery and spotted this commonwealth war grave. Lovely well kept cemetery. http://t.co/zpuBWikyPs
Cymhorthfa stryd yn Llanrwst ac wedyn cymhorthfa gymunedol yn Golygfa Gwydir.  Cwrdd a nifer dda o etholwyr.L
Street Surgery in Llanrwst followed by a community surgery at Golygfa Gwydir.  Decent turnout.
Cyfarfod gyda rhai busnesau ym Metws a Capel Curig bore 'ma.  Tymor ymwelwyr da a croeso i'r cyhoeddiad am fand llydan.
Met a few businesses in Betws and Capel Curig this morning.  Good summer season and pleased about broadband developments.
Cystadleuaeth ysgwyd y gynffon yn sialens.  Da o beth fy mod wedi cael dau feirniad cynhorthwyol.
Cymhorthfa gymunedol a chymhorthfa stryd ym Mae Penrhyn heddiw.  Ymateb da a digon o faterion dan sylw.
Street surgery and community surgery in Penrhyn Bay today.  Good response and a wide range of issues raised.
Thousands march to show their support for Gaza.  Good for them but why are they silent on Iraq and Syria?
Cystadleuaeth ysgwyd y gynffon yn sialens.  Da o beth fy mod wedi cael dau feirniad cynhorthwyol.
Waggiest tail competition was a real challenge.  I was lucky to have two assistant judges.
Diwrnod da yn sioe wych Eglwysbach.  Tywydd yn braf a pobl yn glen.  Dyffryn Conwy ar ei orau. http://t.co/0ATPz9QKHO
great day at Eglwysbach show. Weather was great and a warm welcome. All that is good about Dyffryn Conwy on display. http://t.co/2pk9LsEsmI
Sefyllfa lleiafrifoedd gogledd Iraq a Syria yn druenus. Lluoedd IS yn lladd heb drugaredd.
Minority communities in northern Iraq under immediate and sustained threat from IS forces who kill with no mercy.
Aberconwy MP Guto Bebb says Hamas spurned chances to stop war with Israel - http://t.co/VGihPrVnYz #GoogleAlerts
Newyddion da o Gyngor Tref Conwy.  Cyf-ethol Beverly James.  Un cydwybodol a gonest fe fydd hi'n gyffeiliad.
Great news from Conwy Town Council.  Beverly James co-opted as a councillor.  Hard working and honest.  A real asset.
Daily Post Heddiw. Fy ngeiriau i nid celwydd bwriadol blogiad di-enw http://t.co/EjcJCfldpQ
Daily Post Heddiw/Daily Post today. My views not those made up for malicious reasons by unknown bloggers http://t.co/EjcJCfldpQ
Here is a link to a legal letter sent to a local blog that saw fit to print serious lies about me http://t.co/83roaohKR3
Cyfarfod adeiladol gyda Cadeirydd a Phrif Weithredwr y Bwrdd Iechyd yn 'sbyty Llandudo.
Positive meeting with Chair and new Chief Exec of the health board at Llandudno Hospital. Gave me confidence about future of local services.
Why are so many recently sacked ministers quoted in support of Baroness Warsi?  Would they all have resigned if still ministers?
No surprise annonymous local blog is attacking me. Why attack Wales Office ministers though? What could be the motive?
Yezids being killed in their hundreds by ISIS in Iraqi Kurdistan. No emails, vigils or self rightious anger for this stricken community.Why?
Forty children die at the hands of ISIS in Iraq.  No comment from MPs who have tweeted non stop about Gaza.  Why?
SNP leader lost the debate this evening.  Quite a surprise.  Facts have won out over rhetoric.
Arweinydd yr SNP wedi colli y ddadl heno.  Cryn syndod.  Ffeithiau yn gryfach na rhethreg?
View from the Bodnant Food Centre this evening.  Had a cream tea with my daughters.  Excellent! @FoodCymru http://t.co/u6VHR7jUmB
Yr olygfa o Ganolfan Fwyd Bodnant yn gynnar heddiw.  Te bach efo'r genod cyn mynd adref.  Ardderchog! @FoodCymru http://t.co/d1tR3b2vfi
Here is a link to a translation of the remarks I made for an interview with @Golwg360 http://t.co/lSYD4WSTzK
@HywelWilliamsMP yn rhagrithiol yn y Western Mail heddiw.  Angen deryn glan i ganu - nid felly un sy'n cefnogi trais.
@HywelWilliamsMP claims membership of CFI colours my views.  He is a member of Palistinian Solidarity Campaign.  Pot, kettle, black.
Western Mail repeat lies from the internet.  Sad reflection on a once proud newspaper.
Lady Warsi finds an excuse to resign.  PM has been balanced and reasonable and so has Gov.  Personal pique not principle.
Diwrnod tawel yn yr etholaeth.  Braf gallu dal fyny efo gwaith papur.
Western Mail now so reduced that their so called political editor wants to run a story based on a web based libel.  Sad.
Hundreds line streets in Llandudno to remember the fallen of World War I http://t.co/v98WfnQzCG
Falch fy mod wedi mynychu gwasanaeth y Lleng Brydeinig yn Llandudno i nodi canmlwyddiant y Rhyfel Mawr.
Very pleased to have attended the Royal British Legion parade in Llandudno to mark the centenary of WW1.
Just written to the Foreign Secretary to ask him to continue efforts for a ceasefire despite Hamas breaking another ceasefire today.
Over 100 in attendance and a good contribution from Clark to Dolwyddelan Community Council.
Chaired a public meeting in Blaenau to discuss health provision in south Conwy and rural Gwynedd.
Dros gant yn y cyfarfod.  Sylwadau adeiladol a gonest. Clerc Cyngor Dolwyddelan yn dda iawn.
Falch o gadeirio cyfarfod ardderchog yn y Blaenau i drafod gwasanaeth iechyd de Conwy a gogledd Meirion.
Will it be this bad?  |  Gor ddweud?
http://t.co/pu3xDLYmJb
I agree with all calls for ceasefire between Israel/Hamas.  Thus far five broken by Hamas.  Why?
O ystyried defnydd o wasanaethau yn y Blaenau gan drigolion Dyffryn Conwy falch o gadeirio y cyfarfod.
Cyfarfod cyhoeddus ym Mlaenau Ffestiniog 'fory i drafod dyfodol gwasanaethau iechyd yr ardal.
Pump cadoediad bellach wedi ei torri gan Hamas? Pam?
Five ceasefire agreements now broken by Hamas. Why?
Labour MP Paul Flynn criticises Conservative MPs for visiting Israel.  Not a word about Labour MPs with us.
Silly article in the Guardian today attacking Conservative MPs for being in Israel.  It was a cross party delegation.
BBC News - Audit office looks at Conwy education chief's redundancy http://t.co/NRfRlTr3BX
http://t.co/fPbSTCrmWW
Listening to Isaac Herzog, leader of the Labour Party in Israel.  Moderate and constructive.
Despite 24hr ceasefire extension Hamas continue to target Israel.  Hamas want war.
Er gwaethaf cynnig i ymestyn y cadoediad gan Israel rocedi yn parhau i dargedu Israel.
John Prescott attacks Israel for 'war crimes'.  People in glass houses.  He was DPM when Iraq was invaded.
Rockets land in Israel as Hamas rejects ceasefire extension.  Do they want peace?
Israel extends ceasefire to the relief of people here in Jerusalem.
Israel yn ymestyn y cadoediad i ryddhad amlwg trigolion yma yn Jerusalem.
Just done interest rate swap story on Radio Wales. More ruined lives and lost businesses. @BBCRadioWales
Crossrail shows how the Welsh economy could be boosted by electrification and other transport investment, MPs claim http://t.co/n9TrEHzdjR
Welsh Labour Government want to abolish national parks and create a single quango under their control.  Localism?
Gwell gennyf Barc Cenedlaethol lleol yn Eryri na rhyw gorff mawr dan law farw Llafur yn y Cynulliad.
Question for Aberconwy Labour.  Why vote Labour if your government in Cardiff says Conwy is NOT a priority?#southwalesagain
Welsh Government respond to my points about lack of broadband in Aberconwy by stating that "rollout reflects our priotity areas"
Sylw i'r drafodaeth am fand llydan ar Taro'r Post a Post Prynhawn.
At the Royal Welsh to debate broadband rollout with @Ofcom.  Good discussion.
Yn y Sioe Fawr i drafod band llydan gyda @Ofcom.  Trafodaeth dda.
Yet another sensible article by @DPJHodges 
http://t.co/VjAfnFXJh7
Ai plygu i gwynion Angharad Tomos ag eraill oedd yn gyfrifol am y cyfweliad gyda'r un llygeidiog Jill Evans ASE bore ddoe?
Angharad Tomos yn cwyno nad ydi wedi ei chyfweld am sefyllfa Israel/Gaza gan iddi fod yno 8 mlynedd yn ol!
Thought provoking and rational | Asesiad rhesymol.
 http://t.co/Pj4IPVbbua
Agoriad swyddogol gorsaf Llandudno heddiw. Llwyddiant enfawr. http://t.co/dEgsxYmxhs
Llandudno station officially opened today.  It's a fantastic achievement. http://t.co/aIR1AVEYT2
Do Conwy Borough Council Tax Payers get value for money? 
http://t.co/DhxgJeNjzz
"The difference between us? We're using missiles to protect our civilians. Hamas uses civilians to protect their missiles" Israeli PM
Glyn Roberts Dolasau mewn cwmni da! @FUWpress http://t.co/hcE0QNRxWt
Enjoyable Conwy Civic Sunday in Deganwy today.

Diwrnod braf i Sul y Maer yn Neganwy heddiw.
Never trust a spinner.  Donations? Visited Israel, West Bank and Gaza. Declared the cost.  Received nothing. #spin
Many pro Palestinian voices highlighting only two Israeli civilian death.  Why do they find that a matter of regret?
Darllen dy hanes Huw ac o ran hynny pam fod Dulyn yn gartref i gymaint o gyrff gwrth Israel? Jyst gofyn.
So Samuel Owen, upset that Israeli defence systems is saving Israeli lives?  Why?
O ystyried hanes gwrth Iddewig yn Iwerddon ai syndod clywed Gerry Adams yn ymosod ar Israel heddiw?
Gerry Adams vents his anti Israeli views again.  Are we surprised that latent Irish anti-semitism makes a re-appearance?
A great performance of Aida by the Llandudno Youth Music Theatre this evening.
Perfformiad gwych o Aida gan Theatr Ieuenctid Cerddorol Llandudno.
Cllr. Ronnie Hughes in fighting form today.  Bullying is an odd strategy for an elected Councillor though.
Diwrnod hynod brysur.  Dyfodol swyddfeydd treth, gwasanaeth bws a'r RAF + ymddygiad od yn CBSC.
Very busy day.  Tax offices, buses, the RAF and dodgy decisions in CCBC just for starters!
Steve Webb, the superb Liberal pensions minister has been a passionate defender of the bedroom tax.  What now?
Ebost gan fy chwip newydd, Alun Cairns.  Sut mae cadw trefn ar ffrindiau?
Long meeting with the FCA today.  Could be useful but still some concerns.
Newydd gysylltu a pencadlys Nat West i holi os gwir y sibrydion am ddyfodol y gangen yng Nghonwy.  Brad eto?
Just contacted head office of Nat West about rumour that Conwy branch might close.  Another bank betrayal?
Interesting | Diddorol  http://t.co/Hwr9YCQfp5
Pleased to co-host Governor McAuliffe of Virginia in the House of Commons last night.  In the UK to talk trade.
Raised closure of North Wales tax offices at Public Accounts Committee today.
Labour say that the recession has been tough for middle-income people so the want to whack them with more taxes #confused
Dan Hodges  is so right on this. @DPJHodges http://t.co/U3shH0qoZY
Harriet Harman am weld teuluoedd ar incwm canolig yn talu mwy o dreth.  Eisioes yn wir yng Nghonwy diolch i Llafur.
Harriet Harman wants middle income families to pay more tax.  They are in Conwy thanks to Welsh Labour.
Cwymp pellach mewn diweithdra yn Aberconwy.  Lawr 235 ers llyned (23%)
Further fall in unemployment here in Aberconwy.  Down 235 year on year (23%)
Meeting of coastal Conservatives to argue for VAT cut on tourism.  Good turnout.
Inherited the APPG on Connaught from newly promoted Alun Cairns.  Some positive news from FCA. @TheFCA
Congratulations to both @SCrabbMP and @AlunCairns.  A strong team for the election.
Llongyfarchiadau i @SCrabbMP ac @AlunCairns .  Tim cryf ar gyfer yr etholiad.
@davidcornock @DavidJonesMP Typical David, always a gentleman.
Jobs Growth Wales performance figures no better than doing nothing with those unemployed >12 months.
Perfformiad y Rhaglen Waith yn parhau i wella.  Cymru di'r gwanaf oherwydd diffyg cyd-weithredu gan y Bae.
No such thing as "low hanging fruit" in the Work Programme.  Clients have been unemployed for 12 months.
Work Programme has "improved on previous welfare-to-work programmes" says NAO.
http://t.co/DpzNcutLrS
Ar fin cyfrannu i O'r Bae mewn stiwdio braidd yn boeth! http://t.co/n9Ij8xC3Se
Surgery in Conwy before rushing to Bangor for Radio Cymru and Wales Today.  Usual Friday!
@davidcornock Thanks David.  No response from @BBCRadioCymru though :-(
@davidcornock @walesoffice Eleven coalition MPs in Wales.  Two in Wales Office.  No approach to me this pm.
Tweets below all highlighting incredibly one sided reporting of strike by BBC Wales. @BBCWales @BBCRadioCymru
Dim herio swyddog undeb am longau rhyfel gomisiynwyd gan Lywodraeth Lafur.  Balans Post Prynhawn? @BBCRadioCymru
Swyddog undeb yn honni fod staff yn mynd i fanciau bwyd - tystiolaeth?
Post Prynhawn yn ail-adrodd honiadau am godiad cyflog i AS.  Dim herio er nad yw'n wir. @BBCRadioCymru
Propoganda unochrog am ddeg munud ar Post Prynhawn yn cefnogi y streic. @BBCRadioCymru
Two more #IRHP meetings today.  Six this week and @hmtreasury and @TheFCA next week.  Frustrating.
Achos yr undebau dros streicio yn un gwan iawn.  Cyflogau a thelerau gwell na'r cyfartaledd ond mwy di'r gri.
Should lower paid householders pay increased Council Tax to fund increase pay for higher paid public sector workers? Fair??
Gap between average public sector worker wage and those in private sector has increased in Wales since 2010.
Interviewed on Radio Wales and Cymru this morning.  Which services would unions cut to fund their pay rise?
Cyfweliadau radio bore 'ma hefo Radio Cymru a Radio Wales.  Pa wasanaethau fydde'r undebau yn dorri er mwyn sicrhau cyflogau uwch?
Do Labour members of so called 'Team Conwy' support Labour demands for merger with failing Denbighshire?
Welsh Government approve £200k to pay off former head of North Wales Health Trust.  Why?
Dadl ddifyr yn Neuadd San Steffan ynghylch tueddiad papurau Llundain i anwybyddu Cymru.
Useful meeting with RBS to discuss progress of the FCA redress scheme.  Some interesting developments.
Link to the emails that brought down Alun Davies http://t.co/VuagjGRxt0 via @guidofawkes
Margaret Hodge right to question big four accountancy firms role in tax avoidence. Shame that Labour accept cash from one of them for staff.
Last week Labour First Minister did not sack Alun Davies for improper conduct - better late than never.
Alun Davies AM sacked for allegedly demanding civil servants disclose financial information on opposition.  Labour sleaze.
Sac i Alun Davies!  O ystyried yr honiadau nid cyn pryd.
Synnwyr cyffredin o'r diwedd yn achos traeth Llandudno?  Cawn weld.
Local campaigners now getting a hearing.  Shame that CCBC spent best part of £3m first.
Reasonable progress made at Council meeting last night in effort to restore North Shore beach.
Panel o gryn ddylanwad o flaen PAC heddiw.  Pedwar prif was sifil Prydain.
Three Permanent Secretaries and Head of the Civil Service in front of Public Accounts Committee.
Lord Roberts gave us A55, Glan Clwyd and Ysbyty Gwynedd, upgrades at Llandudno and so much more.What has Welsh Labour in Assembly delivered?
At a football tournamemt in Bethesda over the weekend.  Has there been a politician who did more for North Wales? http://t.co/ujVSdsoWc5
Mewn cystadleuaeth bel droes dros y penwythnos ym Methesda.  Oes 'na unrhyw wleidydd di gneud cymaint i Ogledd Cymru? http://t.co/flVerG54yM
http://t.co/1YSrIs4kLd
NHS in England the best in the World according to a Washington DC think tank.  Conservative success!
Cam ymddwyn cymdeithasol mewn sawl rhan o'r etholaeth ar yr agenda gyda'r heddlu heddiw.
Speeding in Tal y Bont raised with Insp. Moses not least due to  #CCBC removing lolipop man.
Met Inspector Moses who I like and respect.  Highlighted concerns about anti social behaviour in many parts of Aberconwy.
Funny that #Labour Welsh Government that 'imposed' 5% council tax increase on Conwy residents now hailed as our freinds!
Interesting that Welsh Labour now changing their targets for educational achievement.  Expecting failure?#labour fail
Cymhorthfa brysur ac amrywiol.  Gwastraff o fewn Cyngor Conwy yn un gwyn ymysg nifer.
Very busy surgery schedule.  Planning, dog fouling, BT, waste at CCBC, speeding, and compensation claims for starters.
Llandudno and Abergele to get fibre broadband by Christmas http://t.co/KFSZf1YNUm
Addressing #BullyBanks conference at Methodist Central Hall http://t.co/do9oxt6w8p
https://t.co/aDARqjmwXy Beware of misleading websites. The EHIC is FREE #StartAtGovUK
Braf cwrdd a Rick Beardmore o gyffordd Llandudno sy'n lladmerydd dros Ymchwil Cancr. Boi diddorol - elusen wych.
Met Rick Beardmore from Llandudno Junction who is an advocate for #CancerResearch.  Interesting guy and a great charity.
@GutoBebb supports #prostatecanceruk with John Matthews NW Representative for the charity http://t.co/tYQTdkNaLE
Welsh businesses are closing in winter to avoid a 'VAT trap' that is a barrier on growth, according to MP http://t.co/Z6CgcL2dJJ
Really good meeting with German and #USAmbassador to discuss EU/US trade deal.
Cadarnhad fod Llandudno a Conwy am gael band llydan cyflym ar gyfer Rhagfyr 2014.
Superfast broadband rollout for Llandudno and Conwy confirmed at meeting with BT.  December 2014.
http://t.co/3QtuFiPJBs
Welsh Environment Minister broke ministerial code but #WELSHLABOUR keep him in a job. Lack of alternative or weak leadership?
Tystiolaeth heddiw yn codi cwestiwn sylfaenol am effeithlonrwydd Llwyodraeth Cymru yn y maes croeso.
#VisitBritain happy to give evidence to Welsh Select but 'VisitWales not allowed to do so by @WelshGovernment
So what is the point of #VisitWales? Evidence this morning raises serious questions.
Tystiolaeth gadarn fod lleihau cyfradd TAW ar dwristiaeth wedi cryfhau y sector yn Iwerddon.
Head of Strategy at #VisitBritain acknowledges that 'supply side' reforms have boosted Irish tourism. (VAT CUT!)
Now getting better. VAT on tourism under discussion. 20% is damaging our tourist trade.
Pwyllgor Dethol Materion Cymreig yn dawel iawn bore 'ma. Dim dadlau!
#WelshSelectCommitte this morning is rather quiet and polite
First concession from BT.  Llandudno and Aberconwy exchanges to have fibre by end of the year.
Cymhorthfa brysur ac amrywiol heddiw.  Un canlyniad da, peiriant arian newydd ar y ffordd i HSBC yn Betws
Busy surgery today and very varied.  One good result - new HSBC cashpoint on the way to Betws.
Times are hard for Labour with debts of millions. Still, rather desperate of them to expect me to give them business! http://t.co/eGEFtGMJfG
If you want your views heard on the Welsh NHS please complete the following survey: http://t.co/O1DXGVgXBw #YourWelshNHS @WelshConserv
Noson dda yn mwyty Ty Asha, Llanrwst, yn casglu arian i Ty Gobaith a Hosbis Dewi Sant
Fantastic evening at Ty Asha, Llanrwst, raising money for Ty Gobaith and St. David's Hospice
Bellach yn Is-Gadeirydd yr APPG ar Dwristiaeth yng Nghymru.  Dyna sy'n digwydd o fod mewn cyfarfod arall!
Elected vice Chair of the APPG on Welsh Tourism. That is what happens when you miss a meeting due to other commitments.
Meeting of the APPG on TTIP discussing Pharmaceutical Sector this afternoon.
Meeting of the APPG on TTIP yesterday to discuss Chemical Sector.  US energy prices now 1/3 of UK level!
Oxfam Cymru yn cyfiawnhau eu hymdrechion i gefnogi agenda y Blaid Lafur.  Digalon.
Israeli Ambassador Daniel Taub as fluent and fascinating as usual.  Very good meeting.
Good meeting with CFO of @UPS to discuss TTIP. Great to see a large company advocating the benefits of TTIP to SME's.
Delighted to support this venture http://t.co/oq6MoRa66O #NaturallyConwyValley
Bleser i gefnogi http://t.co/bvakX9sULW #DyffrynConwyNaturiol
I share an office with @GlynDaviesMP who turned up this morning on the back of a scooter. Identical to those owned by my 9 year old twins!
In the Chamber for the Wales Bill.  Final stages I suspect before it goes to the Lords.
Yn y Tŷ ar gyfer Mesur Cymru sy'n dod i ddiwedd ei daith seneddol.
Good to see Interest Rate Swaps back in the news and pleased that Sky business taking it seriously. #IRHP @SkyNews
Coverage in @thetimes on #irhp issue http://t.co/NJD0ieg3aG
Press finally getting on top of interest rate swap issue! "£22bn threat to banks in latest mis-selling ‘scandal’" http://t.co/sBtbrSw5Qc
Hosted a CBI event in Parliament.  Business leaders seem more convinced that PM can deliver EU reform than MP's.
Me in agreement with the New Statesman?  It’s a first! @NewStatesman http://t.co/zeWcgWBF28
Not enough Austerity?  Dim digon o doriadau?  http://t.co/gbjmAh4LM6 @spectator @FraserNelson
Croeso da mewn cinio yn Llandudno ddoe a'r dref yn brysur a hardd yn haul yr haf.
Guest speaker at a lunch in Llandudno yesterday.  The town looked busy and stunning in the sun.
Llongyfarchiadau i bawb oedd yn ymwneud a dydd hwyl Pentrefoelas.  Tywydd braf a chefnogaeth o'r dalgylch.
Mrs Owen yn Queen Elizabeth Court yn cofio fy nhaid yn flaenor yn Twr Gwyn.  Trist meddwl nad yw Twr Gwyn yn bodoli bellach.
A pleasure to visit Queen Elizabeth Court in Craig y Don today.  My thanks to residents and staff for such a warm welcome.
Very busy surgery in the constituency office this morning.
A creative if rather unhelpful response to one of my MP surveys.  Nice pictures though! http://t.co/0vqCnOcNvA
Cwestiwn i Dylan @DylanAryMarc a'r gwrandawyr. Be di hanes aelodau Melys bellach? Fersiwn Melys o Mwg gan Meic Stevens yn A1! @BBCRadioCymru
Lle gwell na Llanrwst i gychwyn taith haf Radio Cymru?  Dylan Jones yn ei gynefin! #rhaglendylan @BBCRadioCymru
Very funny!  http://t.co/0TeVyny9Rp
On the money again | Anodd anghytuno  http://t.co/xlNJcNQrnr
Worth a read | Diddorol  http://t.co/epKtzHRGGe
Labour Welsh Gov. confirm that Council Tax will increase again next year. So much for their crocodile tears about the Cost of Living crisis.
UK Government has not proved that its mortgage guarantee scheme is value for money, MPs warn http://t.co/7CKlHqL9AV
Fy staff yn datgan fod y cyfarfod yn Henryd yn llawn gyda pawb yn mynegi pryder am wasanaeth BT.
My staff reporting an interesting meeting in Henryd this evening.  Subject is again BT broadband failure.
Interesting talk at Conwy Valley Civic Society this evening.

Dinner at Tal Goed nurseries also rather good!
Braf gweld cymaint o drigolion lleol yn niwrnod agored RWE i weld eu cynlluniau am orsaf Hydro ar afon Conwy.
Pleased to attend RWE open day at Conwy Falls to see their proposals for a new Hydro station.
Cyfweliad ym Mhenmachno a Dolwyddelan i drafod diffyg band llydan yn yr ardal ar gyfer ITV / Hacio.
Interviewed in Dolwyddelan and Penmachno to highlight lack of broadband for ITV news team.
Balch o gael cefnogi gwasanaeth i ail gofnodi aberth bechgyn o Ysgol John Bright gollwyd yn y ddau ryfel byd. http://t.co/JE7E1q1Pac
Pleased to attend the re-dedication of memorial plaques for John Bright students killed in both World Wars. http://t.co/4wI2KMynwd
- Second cash machine 'vital' for Conwy town economoy http://t.co/Rv3gM6UFaw
http://t.co/K5Qd1dN58o
Profiad unigryw cyfarfod a Seyddogion yr OEDC gyda'r Pwyllgor Cyfrifon Cyhoeddus
Interesting to hear OECD lead tax specialist credit PAC with transformation of the debate on tax evasion. @CommonsPAC
Back from a two day visit to the OECD in Paris with the Public Accounts Committee. @CommonsPAC
FUW slam supermarkets over beef prices :: http://t.co/OtLnt8e4n1 http://t.co/5wAXaiPQky
The England football team visited a Brazilian orphanage today.

"It's sad to see their sad faces with no sign of hope" 

said Ricardo aged 6
Met a business owner who has received HUGE payout due to misselling of interest rate swaps. #IRSA #mis-selling
FUW members including Glyn Roberts from Padog highlighted concerns about beef prices at Westminster today. @FUWpress
Braf croesawu llywydd UAC a Glyn Roberts i San Steffan heddiw bore. @FUWpress
The Plaid plot thickens! http://t.co/AsJVN9suiD
Os ydych yn cytuno fod sefyllfa o’r fath yn annerbyniol ac yn dyheu am eglurhad cefnogwch y ddeiseb hon. http://t.co/gAMnE1gzaj
If you agree with me that the situation is unacceptable and want answers then please support this petition. http://t.co/gAMnE1gzaj
Gwych gweld bod ffigyrau diweithdra yn parhau i ddisgyn yn Aberconwy. Nifer y di-waith 215 yn llai nag yn Mai 2013.
Fantastic news that unemployment continues to fall in Aberconwy. The number of claimants is 215 lower than in May 2013.
Siaradwr gwadd mewn cinio heno i drafod cytundeb masnach rhwng yr UE a'r UDA.  Cyfle mawr i'r economi.
EU/US Trade Deal still on the cards but increasing concerns about German position.  If EU not about free trade then what's the point?
Spoke at a British American Business dinner this evening.  A stimulating discussion. @BabLondon
Oxfam heb amheuaeth bellach yn ymgyrch ar sail cefnogaeth i'r Blaid Lafur.  Elusenau gwell angen cefnogaeth.
Is the so called Labour cost of living crisis a priority for Oxfam supporters or for the Labour supporting Oxfam HQ?
Do those who support Oxfam expect their gifts to be used to campaign against Welfare Reform in the UK?
Despite poverty in many parts of the world Oxfam UK prefers to use gifts for party political campaign here.
Public Accounts Committee on Smart Meters today.  Potentially a great development. @CommonsPAC
Good to support the Llanfairfechan Church summer fair.  Community also out in force.
Braf cefnogi Ffair haf Eglwys Llanfairfechan.  Y gymuned hefyd yno mewn niferoedd.
Busnesau yn gweld dyddiau gwell ar y gorwel os di'r pedwar y bu i mi gwrdd a nhw bore heddiw yn gywir.
Met four businesses today, two guest houses, a retailer and furniture manufacturer.  All upbeat about prospects.
Cyfarfod buddiol a defnyddiol gyda Phrif Weithredwr Parc Cenedlaethol Eryri heddiw.
Good and useful meeting with new Chief Executive of Snowdonia National Park today.
Despite the clouds there is no denying the natural beauty of the Aberconwy constituency. http://t.co/DsBfKVfFLq
Er yn gymylog does dim gwadu harddwch rhannau o etholaeth Aberconwy. http://t.co/6PzVWNrwTX
Cyfweliad gyda'r BBC i drafod canlyniad Newark. http://t.co/ruG7xqY2nQ
Interviewed by the BBC in view of the Conservative win in Newark. http://t.co/e9JrfZHFHe
UKIP - do as we say not as we do.  Opportunistic chancers.
New UKIP MEP for Wales admits employing dozens of eastern European and Filipino workers- now claims UKIP not opposed to immigration. Absurd.
Cyfarfod a chriw o'r Wladfa yma yn San Steffan gan gynnwys Maer Trelew http://t.co/3aSd64hQcc
Braf cyfrannu i'r Post Prynhawn o Lundain heddiw.
Pump cyfweliad radio heddiw.  Fel y dwedodd fy ngwraig, mae gen i wyneb radio.
Five radio interviews today.  As my wife says, I have a face for radio.
Re-elected as Secreatary of the APPG on the EU-US Trade Deal.  Only candidate though!!
Araith y Frenhines yn un i bwrpas.  Gwneud llai ond ei wneud o'n well.
Good to see a realistic Queen's speech.  Do less but do it better!
Funding advice for the Arts http://t.co/gQLm0s6Mnv #ArtsCouncilofWales
http://t.co/PbSaYqLnz5 #CyngorCelfyddydauCymru
Enjoyed my interview on radio this morning.  More interviews during the day to mark the Queen's Speech. @BBCRadioCymru
Wedi mwynhau Post Cyntaf bore heddiw.  Mwy o radio yn ystod y dydd oherwydd araith y Frenhines. @BBCRadioCymru
Had a great visit to Tudno FM today and really enjoyed my hour long on-air chat! @Tudno_FM
Busy surgery in Conwy this morning.  

Cymhorthfa brysur yng Nghonwy bore 'ma.
Hyder busnesau yng Nghymru yn uwch nag erioed o'r blaen yn ol sefydliad y cyfrifwyr.
Business confidence in Wales at a record high according to Institute of Chartered Accountants.
Following a long day at the Urdd Eisteddfod where better than the best curry house in Wales? http://t.co/5UY3Vy7kMG
Wedi diwrnod hir yn Eisteddfod yr Urdd lle gwell na Bwyty Indiaidd gorau Cymru? http://t.co/eX9w5tK3tU
Recall system for MPs | via @Telegraph http://t.co/xv0NoOzTZF
Llongyfarchiadau i Kay Swinburne ASE!

Congratulations to Kay Swinburne MEP! @ewrop2014
Respectable result in Conwy.  Strong campaign needed to May 2015.  Labour in trouble.
Canlyniad parchus yng Nghonwy.  Angen ymgyrch gadarn rhwng rwan a Mai 2015.  Llafur mewn trafferth.
Did Sunday Supplement on Radio Wales with Labour MP implying that UKIP might have won EU election in Wales!
Gwych gweld y Cyng. Frank Bradfield yn ddirprwy Faer Llandudno.  Dewis da.
Great to see Cllr. Frank Bradfield made deputy Mayor of Llandudno.  Well deserved.
Gwneud y Maer yn Llandudno.  Dymuniadau gorau i’r Cyng. Malcom Bullock ar gyfer 2014/15.
At Llandudno Mayor making.  Congratulations to Cllr Malcom Bullock and all the best for the year.
Quiet advice surgery in Conwy today.  I blame the weather! 

Cymhorthfa dawel yng Nghonwy heddiw.  Dwi’n rhoi’r bai ar y glaw!
Newyddion gwych am ddatblygiad Robertson CGG.  Llywodraeth Cymru wedi gwneud y dewis cywir.
Great news about Robertson CGG expansion.  Welsh Government have done the right thing.
Cyfarfod diddorol bore heddiw gyda buddsoddwr arall sy’n bwriadu creu swyddi yng Nghyffordd Llandudno.
Interesting meeting this morning with another potential investor into Llandudno Junction.
As usual Dan Hodges is not far off the money.
 
http://t.co/7A3XRB6HKT
I hope you have voted.  If not please do so - the Conservative Kay Swinburn is excellent. @ewrop2014
#voteconservative http://t.co/aoCBOTw1Us
Very positive meeting also with a long established business in the Junction.  VW Garage is a great investment - 200 jobs.
Da iawn sgwrsio gyda Ian Turner @restoreourbeach. Angen cynnal momentwm y cyfarfod dydd Mawrth.
Great to catch-up with Ian Turner from 'Restore our Beach'.

The momentum from Tuesday's meeting needs to be maintained.
Etholiad Ewropeaidd a dydd o amgylch yr etholaeth. Cyfarfod buddiol iawn a Prif Weithredwr newydd Hosbis Dewi Sant @StDavidsHospice
#EUelection day and around the constituency.  Useful meeting with the new Chief Executive of St. David's Hospice.
Llandudno: 850 pack into meeting over North Shore Beach http://t.co/REbVz65A5b
Very sorry to miss the Beach meeting this evening but eldest of the twins admitted to Hospital with an asthma attack.
Spoke at annual dinner for suppliers and farmers at Plas y Brenin last night.  Great night and great food.
Cinio blynyddol i fusnesau a ffermwyr sy'n cefnogi Plas y Brenin neithiwr.  Llwyddiant mawr a noson braf.
22,897 patients in Wales waiting more than 8 weeks to access diagnostic services.  That is 22,897 over the target.
418,442 Welsh patients waiting to start treatment today.  11.1% will wait more than 26 weeks. Target is 5%.
More bad stats from Welsh NHS.

A&E treat 88.1% of patients within 4 hours.  Target is 95%.
Carreg fedd dau frawd, D.C. ac Arthur Fryer, a laddwyd yn ystod yr Ail Ryfel Byd yn ugain oed. Mynwent St. Agnes, Conwy.
The gravestone of two brothers, D.C. and Arthur Fryer both killed in WW2 at the age of 20. St Agnes Cemetery. http://t.co/xWjFAdCgtu
8 of the 16 known graves of fallen serviceman at St. Agnes Cemetery have been lost.This memorial stone marks the fact http://t.co/6nfpYMKCjX
One of the 25 War Graves at Llanrhos Churchyard. http://t.co/n6jpNqremo
Lleoliad hyfryd Mynwent Dwygyfylchi yn fan gorffwys gweddus i 23 o filwyr eraill a syrthiodd.
The beautiful location of the Cemetery at Dwygyfylchi is a fitting resting place for another 23 fallen soldiers. http://t.co/Nvv1elW76g
Great Orme's Head Cemetery again but this time in Welsh Slate | Mynwent Pen y Gogarth eto ond mewn llechen Gymreig. http://t.co/7zYdLfNzNE
Bore diddorol hefo Comisiwn Mynwentydd Rhyfel y Gymanwlad yn Aberconwy. 161 o feddi mewn 32 o fynwentydd.
Interesting morning with the Commonwealth War Graves Comission in Aberconwy.  161 graves in 32 cemeteries. http://t.co/tAvC5Px3hq
Rhaid cyfaddef fod fy etholaeth yn drawiadol o hardd!

I must admit that my constituency is rather stunning! http://t.co/ZQhOT555uD
79,00 o swyddi sector breifat newydd yng Nghymru yn chwarter olaf 2013. Newyddion gwych.
79,000 new private sector jobs in Wales last quarter 2013.  Great news.
Diweithdra yng Nghymru yn is nag yn y DU. Dyna roi y farwol i honiadau Llafur mai Llundain yw canolbwynt pob ymdrech i sicrhau tyfiant.
Welsh unemployment lower than UK.  So much for London centric growth claims of Labour.
Cymru wedi ei arbed o waetha’r toriadau oherwydd Barnett. FT 15/5
Wales has been spared the worst of the spending cuts due to the Barnett Formula.  FT 15/5
Final point as to why free trade is good.  We are a net exporter to South Korea despite Samsung!
EU / Canada trade treaty has seen 97% of tariffs abolished.  Imagine the same if TTIP was signed between EU/US!
If UK was dependent on British food our shops would be empty by mid-August.  Sobering thought.
NFU applauded the fact that in one year 113 export bans on British food have been overturned.  Great job by Owen Patterson MP.
Attended Food and Drinks Export Event to discuss potential impact of EU/US Trade Agreement (TTIP).  Good turnout.
Gwych gweld niferoedd sy'n hawlio budd-daliadau diweithdra yn gostwng unwaith eto yn Aberconwy, 166 yn is nag ym Mis Ebrill 2013.
Fantastic that the number of unemployed claimants in Aberconwy has fallen yet again, 166 lower than in April last year.
Monthly unemployment figures from @commonslibrary http://t.co/kDTzPSDzRO
5/5:  Labour aim to cut VAT.  Biggest winners would be the rich.  Are they dumb or just think the public are ignorant?
4/5:Mortgage,rent,council tax,water rates, heat and light, food and children’s clothes not subject to VAT.A large % of most household costs.
3/5: Average household disposable income in Wales (2013) was £13,484.  They simply could not pay an extra £450 in VAT.  Fact.
2/5: To pay an extra £450 in VAT in one year the average family would need to spend £21,600 on products subject to VAT.  Simple fact.
1/5:“Chancellor already raised VAT to 20% in 2011 costing families with children an average £450 a year” Owen Smith,Labour MP.This is a lie.
Excellent article by Dan Hodges.  Gwerth ei darllen. @DPJHodges   http://t.co/V4e13kM9qn
Lasting peace in Afghanistan requires reconciliation with the Taliban, MPs warn http://t.co/P2P9Id8oFl
Evidence from Celtic Manor management is a real critique of Welsh Government.
Loss of WDA and WTB has cost Wales.  Bonfire of the quangos did little for us internationally.
Diffyg arian o fewn Visit Wales yn gwneud drwg mawr i dwristiaeth yng Nghymru - Celtic Manor
Celtic Manor pretty clear that Visit Wales is not selling Wales internationally.
NATO summit in Newport will be worth £120m for Wales with sixty world leaders attending.
Twristiaeth dan y chwyddwydr yn y Pwyllgor Cymreig bore 'ma. @CommonsWelshAff
Tourism and the performance of Wales under scrutiny at the Welsh Select Committee. @CommonsWelshAff
Llefarwyr y Tŷ = cadeirio Pwyllgorau Deddfwriaeth Dirprwyedig.  Lle mae o'n cael yr amser?
O ystyried ei golofn yn y Cymro dal i synnu fod Hywel Williams yn un o lefarwyr Ty'r Cyffredin.
Advice surgery this morning before heading to Westminster.  Another week!
The adverts in question showed asparagus, vegetables and tinned beans as affected by VAT.  Odd, food subject to VAT at 0%.
In view of his confusion over so called bedroom tax rules was Islwyn MP behind inept Labour VAT adverts?
Islwyn MP did not know that pensioners not affected by so called bedroom tax.  Lazy or just ignorant?
Inept Islwyn MP claims moral high ground.  Apology would be better.
Latest negative Labour poster lies again. VAT doesn't apply to food. Not on veg, beans or the two peas in a pod. Do they take you for fools?
Following the visit to Dolwyddelan I had a surgery at the Conwy office this afternoon.
Yn dilyn ymweliad a Dolwyddelan cymhorthfa yn y Swyddfa prynhawn ‘ma.
At the Garnedd Hydro Plant above Dolwyddelan with the landowner, RWE renewable and Llywarch from Menter Iaith.
Gorsaf Hydro y Garnedd gyda’r tirfeiddianwr,staff RWE a Llywarch o Fenter Iaith Conwy. Esiampl i fentrau cymunedol? http://t.co/fq0k5frJc0
Yr argae yng nghoedwig y Garnedd.  Dim posib gweld y gwaith heb fod o fewn pymtheg llath! http://t.co/6pwY7LrM5H
The weir at Garnedd which was refurbished (well rebuilt) in 2009. You need to be within fifteen yards to notice it! http://t.co/MuG6i7y9Bk
Pwerdy gorsaf y Garnedd o’r tu fewn | The powerhouse at Garnedd. http://t.co/xgxOK15FCi
BBC News - Welsh grand committee not so grand, suggests Tory MP http://t.co/ewUChKaX3g
Labour lies.  EU election leaflet say Conservatives want to leave EU.  What do they not understand about giving people the choice?
Llafur yn palu clwydda gan honni fod y Ceidwadwyr am adael yr UE.  Rhoi'r dewis i bobl di'r polisi.
Interesting and thought provoking from Dan Hodges, again!  http://t.co/JjRpMO3lwn
Celebrating Israel's 66th birthday with the Israeli Ambassador to London.

Dathlu penblwydd Israel yn 66 efo'r Llysgenhadaeth yn Llundain.
Dadl ddefnyddiol ynghylch S4C bore heddiw.  Cefnogaeth gref gan y Ceidwadwyr oedd yno. @S4C @WelshConserv
Owen Smith MP claims that smokers with Sky TV need foodbanks.  Odd definition of poverty.
Islwyn MP inept in Welsh Grand.  Claimed his pensioners suffering due to bedroom tax.  They are excluded.  Silly boy.
Let people choose to go to hospitals in England where they can be visited by children http://t.co/CnAM0wsdTW
Welsh Labour gagged Ann Clwyd.  This evening @OwenSmithMP complain that we discuss NHS. Truth hurts?
Elfyn Llwyd yn dadlau nad oedd Swyddfa Cymru yn 1997 yn gyfrifol am iechyd.  Hollol anghywir.
@OwenSmithMP argues that a 50% Welsh income tax would not give England a tax advantage.  Odd.
Now in Chamber debating the various amendments to the Wales Bill.
Nawr yn y Siambr i drafod amryw welliannau i Fesur Cymru
Back in Westminster and interesting meeting to discuss why teachers excluded from salary sacrifice car leasing deals.
Yn ôl yn San Steffan, cyfarfod difyr i drafod pam bo athrawon  wedi eu gwahardd rhag cynllun aberthu cyflog llogi ceir.
No chance to visit the Extravaganza yesterday - twins in football tournament.  Good news though - they won!
Dim cyfle i ymweld a'r Extravaganza ddoe chwaith, yr hogia mewn twrnament pel-droed.  Newyddion da - ddaru nhw ennill!
Family feedback from Llandudno Extravaganza very positive.  Pity I was in advice surgery most of day.
A very intense meeting to discuss 'hidden swaps' today.  Is the FCA claim not to be a regulator wrong? @TheFCA
Very good canvass session in Deganwy with Kay Swinburne this morning. @ewrop2014
Braf cael canfasio gyda Kay Swinburne yn Neganwy bore 'ma. @ewrop2014
Cyfarfod da i gefnogi Kay Swinburne ASE neithiwr. David Jones yno i gefnogi hefyd.
Good event last night where I spoke in support of Kay Swinburne MEP.  David Jones also on form.
@VirginTrains No. My complaint is that any service announcement must have been cursory. Not great.
@VirginTrains yes it was
Very poor effort by Virgin.  20.07 train very late with no announcement of departure.  Advance ticket leaves me stuffed. @VirginTrains
Met with John Andersen, US International Trade to discuss US/EU trade deal.
Labour and Plaid advocating rent controls. Restricting your ability to fully utilise your assets is theft masquerading as socialism.
Dwy ddadl heddiw, y gyntaf am newidiadau i fudd-dal tai a’r ail ynghylch datblygiad y Rhaglen Waith yng Nghymru. Llafur dros bob man!
Contributed to debate on Housing Benefit Reform in Wales and the Work Programme in Wales. Labour position weak and self-serving.
Cyfarfod defnyddiol gyda Chomisiyndd y Gymraeg. Cyd-weithio da rhwng Swyddfa Cymru a‘r Comisiynydd. @ComyGymraeg
Useful meeting with Welsh Language Commissioner.  Co-operation with David Jones at Wales Office is great news.
Green Party accuse EU of secret trade deal in their election broadcast.  http://t.co/lxjEfr4k3F  TTIP has a web site for crying out loud!
Up to speed: Fast broadband needed for tourism, economy and residents http://t.co/dYwuhNWUXV
Simple facts wrong in this article.  UKIP won a seat in Wales in 2009!  http://t.co/1dpcN6FsWL
Excellent article from Alex Massie.

Hwn werth ei ddarllen.
 
http://t.co/iEhoO88zPC
Conwy council to examine pebble options on Llandudno's north shore beach http://t.co/MiRuI7ae1e
Braf cael cefnogi ymgyrchwyr traeth Llandudno heddiw. Fydd y Cyngor yn gwrando?
Very pleased to support the Llandudno beach campaigners today.  Will CCBC listen?
Great to visit Sellafield last week, thanks again. @SellafieldLtd @NDAgovuk http://t.co/wfjB6btX2X
Wrexham super-prison must not repeat 'poor' performance of large English institutions, http://t.co/DFp08sNK18
This from a Labour member.  Says it all really!
 
http://t.co/7AIkDNuFgT
Unemployment in Aberconwy down 15% year on year.The  way out of poverty is work.Unemployment in Aberconwy, Wales and the UK keeps on falling
One of the best ministers in the Government.  He justifies the coalition with the Liberals!  http://t.co/8NxfvQTT1c
Ymweliad diddorol ac heriol yn Sellafield heddiw.  Maint y fenter yn rhyfeddol. Diolch i bawb am y croeso.
Fascinating and thought provoking visit today.  The extent of operations at Sellafield is simply huge. My thanks for warm welcome.
At Sellafield today to see for myself what the Public Accounts Committee has been monitoring.  Long drive though - Cumbria quite large!
Hydro project for Conwy Falls has real potential. Partnership between RWE and local business.
Cynlluniau ar gyfer gwaith Hydro newydd ger Rhaeadrau Conwy yn gyffrous.  Busnesau lleol ac RWE law mewn llaw.
£15n pipeline replacement at Dolgarrog with numerous local contractors involved.  Good for next hundred years.
Cynnal a chadw pibell ddŵr Dolgarrog wedi gweld buddsoddiad lleol o £15m.  Cwmniau lleol yn ganolig i'r gwaith.
Very useful meeting with RWE power at Dolgarrog.  Huge investor in Aberconwy and North Wales.
Problemau technegol felly trydar ddoe heddiw!

Tech. probs thus tweets from yesterday and today!
Update after meeting with #CllrMike http://t.co/sgYWpfHWgV #Llandudnobeach
Erthygl gytbwys am San Steffan.
http://t.co/hER0753WrA
Some balance to the debate about Westminster.
http://t.co/hER0753WrA
Falch iawn o'r cyfle i dalu teyrnged i Wyn Roberts o lwyfan y gynhadledd.  Colled fawr.
Pleased to pay tribute to Wyn Roberts at Conference. A great man.
Spoke at Conference about Wales and the UK in the era of devolution.  Went well.
Areithio yn y gynhadledd ar le Cymru yn y DU.  Ath hi'n iawn dwi'n meddwl.
Andrew RT and David Jones articulated a vision for an alternative Welsh Government.  Labour failing the people of Wales.
Passionate speech by IDS this morning.  A man with a mission.  Da iawn ac effeithiol.
Great to hear a local business, Treetops, name checked by Prime Minister.
Addysg a Iechyd yn tan berfformio yng Nghymru dan arweinyddiaeth Llafur.  Dim uchelgais dros Gymru.
Welsh NHS full of passionate and hard working staff but they are being badly let down by @welshlabour in Cardiff Bay.
Spoke at fringe meeting on Welfare Reform at Welsh Conservative Conference. Standing room only.
Super speech from Prime Minister at Welsh Conservative Conference.  Ambition for Wales was clear. Excellent. @Number10gov @David_Cameron
Araith ardderchog gan y Prif Weinidog yn y Gynhadledd Gymreig. Spot on!
Condemning BBC's 'catastrophic failure' of multi-million pound Digitial Media Initiative http://t.co/SmlXA9dNE7
Wedi cwrdd a cynrychiolwyr Jump, elusen lleol.  Pob lwc iddynt - gwneud gwaith da.
Met representatives of Jump, a charity based locally.  Good luck to them - doing important work.
Cyfarfod adeiladol iawn gyda Mostyn Estates - datblygiadau sylweddol ar y gweill yn Llandudno.
One of my regular meetings with Mostyn Estates and apart from the beach issue everything we discussed was positive for Llandudno.
Gwaith da wedi'i wneud gan Glwb Bowlio Craig y Don.  Edrych yn dda.
Improvements to the Craig y Don Bowling Club look really good.  Great community effort.
Back in the constituency and lucky enough to be asked to be part of the centenery celebrations of the Bowling Club at Craig y Don.
Crynodeb go gywir o ddiffyg cyfeiriad y Blaid Lafur http://t.co/Di6s7yBib1  . @welshlabour @UKLabour
Pretty much sums up the incoherence at the heart of the Labour Party. @UKLabour http://t.co/Di6s7yBib1
Crossrail hearing at Public Accounts highlights London population growth @ 80,000 per year. @CommonsPAC
Llandudno up to number 8 in Trip Advisor list of most popular holiday destinations.  Tribute to the Town and business community.
Good meeting with Chief Executive of @S4C
Cyfarfod da gyda Prif Weithredwr @S4C
IMF upgrades UK Growth Forecast to 2.9% - highest in G8 #longtermeconomicplan
XX,GutoBebb,Guto Bebb,851,50,7
