@HendonMP
Unemployment still falling in Hendon. The number of claimants is 538 lower than in October 2013 and 28 lower than in September 2014 ...
Welcome Euro Court ruling on “benefits tourism” - EU migrants can be banned from living off certain UK benefits ...
Thameslink consultation on proposed off peak timetable to be be introduced in December 2015. Have your say at http://t.co/NrkvtATPHq
Re-elected as Chair of the All-Party Parliamentary Group of British Jews
http://t.co/l8a27LBIHG
This is a message I am hearing all over the Hendon constituency ...  
http://t.co/qqJ7aUfXpn
Interesting story in the Daily Mail today ...
http://t.co/0NyqfQsa0e
Sickened that Lib Dem MPs have sabotaged the EU Referendum Bill. Britain needs a Conservative Government, not a Coalition.
Congratulations to our Royal Marines on their 350th anniversary today. Thank you for your long service to our country....
Outrageous that EU is demanding extra £1.7bn from hardworking UK taxpayers. Pleased David Cameron has taken strong stand and refused to pay.
Conservatives delivering to secure you a better future ... http://t.co/SLpLEY2Mmy
Delighted to take constituents to meet the Prime Minister in recognition of their voluntary work in the community http://t.co/ecSEthxFdB
Welcoming the news that Mill Hill East Tube Station could soon have step-free access ...

http://t.co/KCl1s63ZFD
Eid Mubarak to my Muslim constituents ...
The PM's response to my letter expressing concern about the rise in anti-Semitic incidents ...

http://t.co/G4lSW5sTEN
http://t.co/dPrF2t3ve5
The defection of one MP is unfortunate but two is just Reckless ...
Took the opportunity to speak directly with the SOS for Defence about Government vote today.
Wishing my Jewish constituents Shana Tova.  Best wishes for the coming year ...
Good luck to everyone at the Parade in Burnt Oak today @betterburntoak
My view on the Scottish Referendum and Devo Max - http://t.co/WfioAXQRkU
Amazing stories of Holocaust survivors ...
http://t.co/NBQR2ZL9CX  @HolocaustUK #HETappeal2014
Please vote for Maximus to help him win Westminster Dog of the Year!!. Thank you ...
http://t.co/mFoBpEOZvu
I wholeheartedly support the #ReadOnGetOn campaign.   All children should be able to read well.
http://t.co/ScZYI7emkS
Looking forward to hearing the @londonmayor evidence at the EAC on Wednesday http://t.co/mw1v9NmBoA
More confident that Justice Department is addressing burial provision in London following my Adjournment debate today.
and the Telegraph ...
Pleased to see the Independent promoting my suggestion ...- http://t.co/eTL3MEib7D
Met with Health Minister to lobby for PHE to stay at Colindale site
Asked PM to address the issue of boycotts of kosher products and anti-Semitic actions #PMQs http://t.co/NAuLuHzMib
Run Boris, run. http://t.co/cJL3t5Zh5Y
Conservatives doing more to combat anti-Semitism ...
http://t.co/uZAxYtGml4
Thank you to @dayoftheraj in Mill Hill for feeding myself and staff after MP Direct meeting tonight http://t.co/d98S81ii9e
Holding a meeting with local Jewish community & listening to their concerns regarding the conflict in Israel. http://t.co/bYJGAc25pD
Eating Prasad with members of the Mandir and caterers who prepared thousands of meals for the devotees ... http://t.co/g066Fe54OY
In full support of @guidedogslondon's campaign for more cyclists to use #cycleyes. I hope this improves safety for the blind and their dogs.
Excellent broadcast on air pollution and the Environmental Audit Select Committee on BBC Costing the Earth http://t.co/A4GirPKqv5
Grand opening ceremony of the Shree Swaminarayan Mandir temple in Kingsbury. http://t.co/BwFQeaz7sU
Spent night shift with Barnet Police dealing with travellers who have appeared at St Joseph's in Mill Hill
Thank you to those residents I met tonight to discuss Middle East violence at West Hendon Comminity Centre
Finished first late shift with Barnet Police http://t.co/YceAzGFArK
@GoogleUK
Interesting comments by @MayorofLondon about air quality. The @CommonsEAC Inquiry into air quality is being watched! http://t.co/OCSvU0TkJW
£55.8 million programme for new school places in Barnet by 2015. 1,300 new places this year making 7,852 in last 5 years.
There are 134,465 more businesses in London than in 2010 – a clear sign our long-term plan to secure the economy is working...
MP Direct for residents in Edgware tonight. Good range of topics discussed. http://t.co/aM2vASBTiP
Arrivederci to Geraldo and family as their last night at L'Artista in Hendon. Will miss the 4 formaggi and linguine Siciliana.
Unemployment still falling in Hendon. The number of claimants is 542 lower than June 2013 and 98 lower than May 2014 #hardworkingpeople
Labour policy to put up taxes on middle incomers exposed at PMQs
Thank you to everyone who attended today's event. It was great fun and good to see so many people.
Running out of cups at our tea party http://t.co/TClzO3nqJt
Hendon tea party with many local residents http://t.co/27g0KVUfjh
#EdsSponsoredSilence http://t.co/pG0zEAE7Vi
I am supporting @BCCampaign in the fight to beat breast cancer #spreadtheword ... http://t.co/9BFGaCbMzZ
Always fun to catch up with Darwen and Rui @NutmegCommunity at the Grahame Park festival. http://t.co/yhIgwgEYEq
Pleased to meet Carol and others at the Grahame Park festival in Colindale @NHV_NW9
Great sadness locally after yesterday's tragic events in Hendon and Mill Hill
Grateful to Sargeant Reid and #MetPolice for tour of Edgware and Hale wards to discuss AS behaviour and AFZ's
Meeting constituents Julie, Sonia & Barbara to learn about cancer diagnosis & treatment in the Hendon constituency #beatcancersooner
Thanks to the train operating companies and MPs who attended the Thameslink APPG this morning to hear of upcoming works @TLProgramme
Little shocks me but I am devastated by the discovery of 3 bodies in Hebron #EyalGiladNaftali
@GlastoFest
Jack White at Glastonbury - awesome. @GlastoFest
With Rudy Giuliani http://t.co/xPFfaADXF6
Joining local constituents and @mikefreermp at the All for Freedom rally at Villepinte #MaryamRajavi
Meeting H.E. Ambassador Daniel Taub, Ambassador of Israel to discuss the abduction of the 3 Israeli young men
Asked PM about public services for Colindale regeneration areas - See http://t.co/ZL6ci16scW
2 million private sector jobs have now been created since the @Conservatives came into government. http://t.co/44qY8ZTYHx
Unemployment still falling in Hendon  "505 lower than in May 2013 and 54 lower than in April 2014"- Good news for Hendon #HardWorkingPeople
Calling on behalf of local Conservative candidates in Hendon constituency http://t.co/fpWAuH6pm8
Great to have @BluCollarTory helping get out the vote here in Hendon
Casting my vote today in Hendon - ensuring Barnet stays blue! http://t.co/flMJE8AbZY
Pleased to bring the Home Secretary to Burnt Oak to listen to residents’ concerns about local crime issues http://t.co/dTTiBYmx98
Showing the Home Secretary the alley between Watling Avenue and Silkstream Road which is a hotspot for crime ... http://t.co/UOAs8XF6rq
Showing the Home Secretary the alley between Watling Avenue and Silkstream Road which is a hotspot for crime ... http://t.co/dMAuxjjG3P
A helpful meeting with Dr. Rejak, Envoy of the Polish Foreign Minister, about Polish Jewish community concerns
https://t.co/6NBx4i2ght
Pleased to see unemployment still falling in Hendon .
"The number of claimants is515 lower than in April 2013 and 36 lowerthan in March2014"
Evidence that the neighbourhood policing model is working ...

http://t.co/C9urIV8kRi
http://t.co/B3t6eRTHuI …
Campaigning for step-free access at Mill Hill Broadway station ...
 
 http://t.co/lp7MhZRo6f
'Maria Miller's failure to resign has damaged Tory brand,' party chairman was warned in email 
http://t.co/tYzNmVmEQ9
Sponsoring the International Day of Mine Awareness last week ... http://t.co/Mz0klfriGM
Action Day in Burnt Oak ... http://t.co/YAKRIrChO2
Attending with the Prime Minister at the Knesset
What issues matter most to you and your family? Please take a few moments to fill in the survey below.  Thank you
http://t.co/eOVibwJNl1
http://t.co/jF0lXBJwXC
Visiting residents on the West Hendon Estate to see the problems being experienced by an infestation of rodents

http://t.co/UWZNYrzJmn
Great reception for Boris at the The Boys Clubhouse in Hendon.  Boris really impressed with their work.
Attending the Anglo Israel dinner with HE Matthew Gould and Daniel Taub
Meeting with the Prime Minister today to discuss Green Taxes and energy prices
Camp Ashraf - "It fills me with great concern that my constituents are on hunger strike" http://t.co/nw1VqZnjAk
Prime Minister confirmed that he will visit Israel next year following my question to him today in the House of Commons.
Prime Minister agreed with me that an independent enquiry into the Sri Lankan conflict could win the battle of reconciliation for the Island
@grantshapps does 12 facts: Why energy bills are sky high, and what we can do about it - good work!

http://t.co/1dBOkuqahD
It was an honour to lay a wreath at Hendon Memorial on Remembrance Sunday to those who made the ultimate sacrifice ...
Elected as Vice Chairman of the APPG for British Hindus
Keeping children safe online - support the Campaign
http://t.co/hbYKzHFrIH
Why the Lords must vote for a 2030 decarbonisation target
http://t.co/eJyIjpd8mU
Just raised the example of Bury Farm in Edgware during the Bio-diversity Offsetting inquiry in the Environmental Audit Select Committee
Crime is down more than 10% since the General Election. http://t.co/qjH3wjYQfq
Delighted to see that unemployment is down again in the Hendon constituency by 260 people compared to May 2012
Pleased to have been selected for Private Members' Bill
The EAC has called for a moratorium on the use of neonicotinoids as a precautionary measure to protect bees http://t.co/b7h5ACeBoF
On the day of the Budget, the number of unemployed people in the Hendon constituency has fallen by 213 in the last month
49,360 Hendon constituents will be better off as a result of the Budget announced today
Proudly attended Etz Chaim School dinner at Mill Hill Synagogue tonight - all good things come to those who wait
Delighted to see Mill Hill County High School's shortlisted entry for the Design Ventura Competition at the Design Museum.
At last - a pledge on an EU referendum. As a former Prime Minister said, 'Let the people decide.'
Attending launch of Royal College of Midwives State of Maternity Services Report #soms2012
Relieved that the UK Gov http://t.co/8RtZhI0 
heard my concern about Iranian persecution http://t.co/6xomj82
http://t.co/6JsEZc1 

pleased to have made a contribution to this booklet on the serious issue of mental health
http://t.co/8auV3lO
Packing Christmas hampers at Jesus House http://t.co/pYkOa3S
Looking at traffic conditions outside Nancy Reuben school this morning http://t.co/WgdbXzq
Accompanied the Hendon Times to Number 10 to meet the PM
Such a pleasure to accompany two constituents to the Number 10 Diwali party
Exciting opening of the Beit Shvidler school in Edgware
Great night cooking Indian supper for Hendon Conservative Association and Nirj Deva MEP
Unemployment has dropped again in Hendon by 58 claimants
The Home Secretary has made the right decision not to extradite Gary McKinnon and to introduce a forum bar
Attended North Road Residents Association in Burnt Oak where police rebutted scaremongering by Labour Party about size of local SNTs
25,000 contracts at BBC allow employees to avoid tax and NI. The new DG should eradicate the whole culture of nepotism and cronyism there.
Inspirational work happening at the BritSom after school homework club at the Eversfield Centre
For nine years I worked at the BBC and the rumours about Jimmy Saville were well known amongst staff, particularly the HIGNFY transcript.
Wheel clamping on private land is finally outlawed in England today.
It is shocking that not a single Cod aged over 13 years old was caught in the North Sea last year. Time to address overfishing crisis.
A referendum on Britain's membership of the EU is becoming inevitable http://t.co/bw84yxV7
One of the best parts of being an MP - visiting schools. At Edgware Infants and Nursery School this morning
Looking forward to Middle East Minister Alistair Burt MP meeting with constituents in Hendon tonight
Unemployment fell by 127 claimants in the Hendon constituency since August
Making headway through the Committee Stage of the Scrap Metal Dealers Bill
Christians should be free to wear a crucifix at work if they want http://t.co/cY9MWPbP
Acting as a Dragon on the Challenge Dragons' Den at London Academy in Edgware
http://t.co/NqTM8OPP
Great night at Keith Vaz's party in Soho. Good speech from Blair and Livingstone said how disappointed he was with the GLA result in Barnet
Meeting constituents in Burnt Oak and Edgware to discuss the application for a 100 hour pharmacy in the area http://t.co/Ctd2ALXx
Why does the BBC feel the need to say the seat of Government is in Jerusalem but "most embassies are in Tel Aviv"? http://t.co/1ManzrgW
Just seen the consequences of the past Labour Government's EU Enlargement policy - 6 foreign nationals living in a garage in Hendon.
Congratulations to everyone graduating at Middlesex University today - and indeed all week
Major mistake to change sitting hours of House of Commons
Grateful to Mikey Argy @nessyarm for giving her time to explain why the Government should retain pilot to assist Thalidomide survivors
Will be raising parking issues with the Council after my meeting with local traders this morning
Such a great afternoon with the Burnt Oak Nepalese Community at their BBQ. http://t.co/Szjxo0y4
Perhaps his mother left this after he gave evidence this afternoon? http://t.co/naFyeZzV
Attended the Jewish Care event at Number 10 with Mrs Cameron and #mikefreermp
Assisted in launch of Barnet's City Safe Zones at Hendon School. I am now a strong supporter of #citysafe and @CitizensUK
Meeting with my constituent Barbara Freedman to discuss plain packaging on cigarettes #packetracket
Helicopter hovering over Terrace at House of Commons. Seems to be dropping leaflets on MPs. Security is very interested.
Inspirational speech from Aung San Sui Kyi in Westminster Hall
Waiting to meet his Holiness the Dalai Lama
Powerful and emotional speech by Labour's Kevin Jones on floor of House of Commons about his battle against depression. Brave man
Brown is struggling at the Leveson Inquiry
Let the street parties begin! http://t.co/xeZ6LmsG
Privileged to have attended the Queen’s Garden Party at Buckingham Palace http://t.co/ZY7COBSw
Raucous PMQs today
Busy day with constituents before touring Barry M factory in Mill Hill
Encouraging news on national unemployment but even better in Hendon where it is lower than last month.
Hypocritical of Labour to seek inflation +1% cap on train fares in Queen's Speech when they allowed fares to rise by 33% between 2003-2009
Nothing better than skateboarding on Bank Holiday Monday in Sderot
Attending the Celebration of Life event at Jesus House in Brent Cross
Visit to the walk-in centre at Edgware hospital to see their outstanding work
Witnessed shocking conditions of rough sleepers in Edgware with SNT police officers on tour of ward
Inspirational event at Edgware Synagogue tonight.
http://t.co/rebjJzZR
Boris mobbed in Edgware and also in Hendon by hundreds of people
Enjoyed the celebration at the Jain Centre in Colindale tonight.
Thank you to the staff at Edgware Job Centre Plus who showed me how they are implementing welfare reforms and getting constituents into work
Very useful walkabout with the Sergeant from the Hale and Mill Hill SNT
Good day campaigning for Boris and Brian Coleman in Edgware.
Very kind constituent made himself known to me after the Israel debate in Westminster Hall.
Accompanied the excellent Mayor Cllr Lisa Rutter at the opening of the Kidney Unit at Edgware hospital.
On to the Mill Hill Park family day before attending the Bridge Lane Synagogue ceremony.
Started the Sport Mile run at Shree Swaminarayan in Golders Green with Mike Freer MP.
Congratulations to parents, teachers and children at the Families & Schools Together graduation at Broadfields School in Edgware.
Taking Claire to hear the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Presentation of Address by Both Houses of Parliament
Attended the 134 King's Squad RM passing out parade with Cabinet Office Minister Francis Maude.
Attending the AFPS Graduation Ceremony with the Chief of Defence Staff.
On the floor of the Commons, Energy minister invited me to discuss concerns about the Woody Biomass Subsidy with his Department.
On the floor of the Commons, Energy minister invited me to discuss concerns about the Woody Biomass Subsidy with  his Department.
Boris has sensibly granted planning permission for Etz Chaim school.
Rushed back from Edgware Jewish Primary School dinner for 10pm vote in Parliament
Published truth about the Health & Social Care Bill http://t.co/w77Mw1KP
Useful breakfast meeting with rail providers considering long-term investment opportunities.
First class performance by pupils at MIll Hill County High School, accompanied by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra at school concert.
Busy day with Mill Hill surgery this morning and c London conference on Camp Asraf this afternoon.
Good to see Toby Young, David Dein, Lord Levy and others at the Etz Chaim dinner tonight
Meeting with Michael Gove to discuss school discipline, Academies, Pupil Premium and the establishment of Free Schools.
Useful to meet Advocacy in Barnet this morning in Colindale
Thank you to everyone who attended my MP Direct at the One Stop Shop in Colindale.
Enthusiastic reception from residents in Corner Mead in Colindale when on doorsteps.
Meeting with JobCentrePlus advised that youth unemployment fell by 210 people between Sept & Dec in Barnet area
Meeting with the Prime Minister at Number 10
Busy day starting with breakfast meeting with Chief Secretary to the Treasury
Certainly learning the tricks of the trade with Private Members Bills
Qualitative issues must be considered in the Daylight Saving Bill, that includes personal wellbeing and religious practices.
Determined that the views of all my constituents are heard during the Daylight Saving Bill.
Waiting to be called in the Individual Voter Registration debate on the floor of the Commons
Just finished shopping at Brent X with Boris
Early start in Parliament this morning after a hectic recess - best time to witness how the Government's policies are working.
Ken Livingstone Tube leaflets littering Hendon Central - we have seen through his lies here. Not Ken again in 2012.
Attended my second Chanukah event tonight
I have seen the future of the Northern Line on my visit to the Jubilee Line control room in Neasden.
Berry impressed at the professional performance of Baboushka at St Josephs' school in Hendon
Good to see so many friends and constituents at the CFI Business lunch
Attended the Larches Trust showcase with Cllr David Longstaff
Very proud that Darwen Barnardo has been chosen to carry the Olympic Torch
Jeremy Corbyn failed to turn up for his PM question on London housing. Speaks volumes on his sincerity.
Unveiling of the stained glass window at Marshall Hall by @RetailTrust in Mill Hill this morning. Very impressive.
Proud of LBB staff who are providing a full refuse service in Barnet in spite of the pointless strikes. That's real public service.
Really enjoyed the service and lunch at St Peter's Church, Stonegrove
Attended Christmas fayres at St Marys Church in Hendon and North Road Estate in Burnt Oak.
Meeting this morning with retailers at Brent X then attended award ceremony at the 5E social enterprise in Colindale
Attended the opening of the Grove at Middx uni tonight and the award ceremony of the YPI at the London Academy in Edgware.
Just returned from a tiring but rewarding visit to Camp Bastion in Afghanistan.
About to appear on BBC Radio London to discuss smoking in cars
Accompanying the London Ambulance Service on emergency calls in the constituency
Meetings with the Royal Navy and the Cyprus Ambassador this morning.
Attended the Grahame Park One Stop Shop open day in Colindale
Meeting with representatives from my constituency who are connected with the travel industry to discuss ATOL and ABTA.
Attended the Grahame Park One Stop Shop open day in Colindale
Max has made it into Private Eye again...
Just finished serving in the Marie Curie shop in Mill Hill for the Make a Difference Day.
Listening to Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds on way to my surgery
Spotted by the amateur paparazzi http://t.co/2FrsKP6U
My views on the EU vote can be read at http://t.co/OwlXHOe0
Much speculation about tonight's vote on the EU.
Attended the Number 10 Diwali party
This morning I signed the motion relating to the National Referendum on the European Union.
Returned home after a HET visit to Auschwitz with 4 local schools
Visited a wonderful sukkot in Hendon Park with local residents.
Early start for a 6:30am interview on BBC Radio London to talk about animal welfare issues and dogs.
Max won third place in the Parliamentary Dog of the Year competition!
Ed Balls' performance at the Despatch Box today shows why he will never be Leader of the Labour Party. What a shame!
My latest E-Bulletin is published today. If you want to receive it, and are a constituent, send me your name, address and email details.
St Joseph's school visit to the Houses of Parliament
Fantastic reception for the first Middx Uni Conservative Union at the freshers fair this morning.
Much anger at Residents Regeneration Group meeting in West Hendon tonight-compounded by the fact that the local councillors didn't attend
Met with the Headteacher and Governors at Matilda Marks Kennedy school on Hale Lane to discuss funding issues.
Pleased to visit the new Etz Chaim school. Ultimately it's about the children's education.
The message we want to hear from the Home Secretary today is the abolition of the Human Rights Act.
Good announcement by the Chancellor to freeze council tax - unlike the last Government who used it as a stealth tax.
Attending the Edgware and Stanmore Rotary Club meeting. Good turnout.
Attending the opening of the Northway and Fairway schools in the Hale ward.
Visiting the Ellern Mede centre for eating disorders in Mill Hill
Good turnout for the launch party of the Hendon Conservative Association office on Bunns Lane.
Upholding my election pledges by meeting London Underground and visiting every Tube station in the constituency this afternoon.
A reduction in defence spending does not equate to a reduction in our country's overseas influence http://t.co/GgEPjylp
Brilliant time at the Everyone2gether event in Edgware. We are lucky to have NUTMEG helping our young people locally.
Discussing the Jacobs Babtie solution for the Thames with Thames Water
Speaking on the Conference stage in Geneva with John Bruton and Rudy Giuliani
Early start for a conference in Geneva
Visiting Barnet Homes properties to see where residents want improvments
Very interesting meeting with the Port of London Authority
Visited Burnt Oak Tesco to present the  equipment for Schools and Clubs
Following up on issues from last night's Edgware SNT Ward Panel meeting
Much speculation from MPs about proposed changes to their seats by Boundary Commission.
Community Fun Day at Stone grove
The Prime Minister joined me in congratulating the work of the RFA Wave Ruler in the narco-terrorism work this summer.
Proud of the RFA ship Wave Ruler who are providing humanitarian aid to the people of Turks and Caicos following Hurricane Irene.
Thank you to Red Watch at Mill Hill Fire Station for the birthday cake!
Amused by profile in Private Eye but don't recognise some claims - particularly about people working hard at the BBC.Shurley shome mishtake!
Attended the scene of a fire in West Hendon this morning with the London Fire Brigade
Tour of new building and discussion with Vice Chancellor at Middlesex University
Experiencing Tropical Storm Harvey on my recent AFPS operation http://t.co/WXpLOq7
Facebook investigating someone pretending to be me online. I wonder who that could be...I'm sure they can identify who it is?
Very interesting meeting at the RAF Museum to discuss three projects
£50 million of Cocaine taken off the streets of the UK - see full story at http://t.co/0AbJnpZ
Reassured by Barnet Police Commander ... unprecedented numbers of police patrolling this weekend to ensure residents' safety
Credit to the dedication of Barnet Police over the last few days - no incidents last night that relate to the recent disorder.
There is no excuse for the current violence and looting. It is outright criminal behaviour which must - and will - receive a tough response.
Welcome news that the Government has saved £3.75 billion on spending in Whitehall ... shows how wasteful Labour were.
Good response to my on-line local crime survey. Go to my website to 'Have your say'.
Meeting with the Brent Cross Management Board to discuss local and national retail issues
The response to my question to Defra shows the ban on Wild Animals in Circuses is no nearer than before the Backbench debate
Returned from Parliament to present end of term prizes at the St Joseph's Pastoral Centre
Fantastic production of Wind in the Willows at St Joseph's Junior School
Constituent and I meeting with FCO minister
Large team out canvassing this morning
Visiting Rosh Pinah and Barnfield schools today
Raised £5000 for charity by winning the Lords Vs Commons Boat Race
32 Tory MPs rebel against Britain's £9.3 billion EXTRA contribution to IMF bailouts
On the doorstep in Edgware - people still annoyed at the last Labour Government and how they left this country
HCA barbecue tonight
Visit to St Marys school in Hendon to answer questions from the 6th Form
The NotW phone hacking case has taken a nasty and sinister turn.
Attended the Harvey Richmond Memorial Concert at Hendon Synagogue tonight
Service and baptism at St Peter's Church Stonegrove in Edgware this morning
Passed my PhD viva this afternoon and just have to submit the final thesis to receive my doctorate.
The Whips sought no further consideration of the Finance (No3) Bill at this time.
I am proud of my part in yesterday's debate to stop animals in circuses
Spoke on BBC Radio London about a 10 Minute Rule Bill on banning smoking in cars with children
Met with 120 service men and women from 16 (Air Assault) Brigade who have recently returned from Afghanistan at a welcome home reception
Looking forward to discussing how we need to remove the HRA on the Daily Politics Show today.
Grateful for all the messages about Max - and those who think I would invoke the HRA - you need a lie down in a darkened room.
Chaired the All Party Group on Thameslink breakfast meeting with the Rail Minister this morning
The junction of Station Road and High Street in Edgware was underwater after the downpour.
Slightly earlier start this morning to train with the Commons Rowing Team on the Thames
Visited the eCosway shop in Edgware to cut the ribbon for their opening
Maintaining my link with Parkfields School in West Hendon I visited this morning to see how the new building is working out
Attended the Open day at St Joseph Grove school in Hendon
On the doorsteps in West Hendon, Colindale and Burnt Oak today
Visited the Blackfriars Bridge site to see the construction of the new station
Attended the first night of St Mary's Church music festival in Hendon last night
Surgery in Edgware and then on to Mill Hill Preservation Society AGM tonight
Attended the Edgware Town Centre Business Forum tonight
Max found some rat poison and chewed open the packet - looks like he will be spending the night at the vets being treated.
Newsnight asked me to be interviewed about super injunctions but already committed at this short notice.
Congraulations to pupils and parents at the Rosh Pinah School Chagigat Ha Siddur presentation this morning!
Interesting evening with (Lord) Robert Winston at the Kisharon dinner tonight.
Brent Park is now officially open after this afternoon's fun day.
Making visits to constituents' homes to address their concerns
Visited Dollis Infant School for their celebration afternoon. The staff, children, parents and governors have all worked to achieve success
Vote No on the AV referendum
Just arrived home after Commons debate on Finance Bill. Back to Parliament in 3 hours.
Still on the Finance Bill at 2:10am, just so my wife knows where I am!
At least 180 people attended my meeting on the Coptall development proposals
Street party in Burnt Oak - really good time with local residents.
Pressing the Government to introduce recycling targets for Trade Waste
St Mary's School pupils are visiting the Houses of Parliament today
Visited the Crossrail site at Tottenham Court Road this morning
Spent afternoon with Transport Minister Mike Penning at the site of the Ellesmere Avenue fire
Attended cElebrations for the Sinhala &Tamil NY in Harrow & the Mahavira Jayanti birthday event in Colindale this afternoon.
Meeting with business owner and the Royal Bank of Scotland to discuss lending to local businesses before surgery.
Visiting the NIMR in Mill Hill
Attended the Heybourne Park new Hendon village opening ceremony with the Mayor
Very sad news about Simon Milton
Submitted my 'op-ed' copy for the Jewish News
Meeting of the North Road Community Association in Burnt Oak. Very interesting listening to local peoples' opinion.
Fantastic reception in Colindale yesterday. 1 lady in Grahame Park said my presence confirmed it was right to switch vote from Lab to Con.
Attended Mill Hill East Church service this morning
I shall be appearing as a guest on the Politics Show later today
Visited the Garden Hospital and met with the CST in Hendon this morning
Very sad to hear of the death of Eddie Stobart - I knew him from my time in Carlisle and during the fuel protests
Received answer from the Gov about cllrs setting CE pay. Read response at http://www.theyworkforyou.com/wrans/?id=2011-03-28a.49095.h
I see Nicholas Soames is using his iPad in the Chamber - I have been advised not to
On the doorsteps again in West Hendon before lunch with Claire, Max and friends at the Spaniards Inn
Just got in after surgery this morning, then on the doorsteps in Burnt Oak and straight down to Morden for the Ahmadiyya Peace Conference
Visited the Wild Love Music recording studio in Hendon with Max
I welcome the changes to MPs allowances - but they won't affect me as I don't claim for a second home and I don't claim for food
Attended the Barnet Energy and Envirnment Conference to speak about Climate Change. Miss Ballooniverse was a big hit!
During the Libya debate Ed Milliband was gracious enough to accept my intervention about Gaddafi’s use of civilian shields & targeting force
Had to leave the Festival of the Colours early at the Bhaktivedanta Temple to attend the Mill Hill Free school meeting
I see the Hendon Labour Party will be delivering Ken Livingstone's leaflet - not Ken again!
Thank you to everyone who made us so welcome at Benjamin Perl's plaque ceremony at Beis Yaakov school this morning
In politics you are attacked when being effective - so pleased to be criticised by both Corbyn and Winnick in the Middle East debate
Disgusted by the Labour Party's attempt to oppose the Free School in Mill Hill.
Sought a 2nd question in Commons on whether the SoS would be reading Toby Harnden's book to learn consequences of Labour's defence policy
Off to Rosh Pinah school this morning before meeting local business owners
Just walked Max along the road - interesting to see the Labour lot pouring over my website through the window of their office.
Meeting with Averof Neophytou, Chairman of the Foreign Affairs committee in Cyprus
Sounds boring but I had a really interesting meeting with Thames Water about their work in London
Met individual traders in Edgware on a walkabout this afternoon as part of Fairtrade Day.
Surgery at the Library in Burnt Oak this morning
Completed a Watling Avenue and North Road Estate walkabout. The rubbish along the Silkstream is terrible and I will contact LBB and the EA
Will be attending the CST dinner after the Terrorism motion later tonight
Fascinating lunch with Dep Minister of Hajj and other senior advisors to the Afghanistan government
Attending a reception in the Speaker's House for North London Hospice tonight
Meeting with Barnet PCT to discuss GP Commissioning.
Moved offices in Parliament over the recess so there is room for me, Hilary, Laura and Vanessa.
MP Direct at North Road Community Centre tonight. Amazing that Labour party members want to attend even though it's for local residents
Fantastic night with members of my Assoc. at an event to celebrate winning the seat last year. First weekend we could find in the diary!
Visited the Larches Trust project in Kenton. Very impressed by the work they are doing as they are a perfect example of the Big Society.
Been to Moorfields Eye Hospital. Raised prssure in my eye but retina is attached and looking strong. The prognosis is good.
I urge anyone who knows the identity of the 'pram rage' attacker in West Hendon to inform the police. Totally unacceptable behaviour.
A museum day today as I attend the Church Farmhouse Museum Tube Map exhibt and then over to the RAF Museum.
Early morning delivery of my MP Direct letters in Burnt Oak and Edgware.
Very productive meeting with my Association Chairman Hugh Rayner this morning.
Early visit to the vets before meeting a security company at the Peel Centre in Colindale.
Meeting with group of dentists in Constituency to learn about their professional concerns. Very useful to hold minister to account.
Lords accept so caught last train home to Hendon.
Watched the Lords consideration at 10:30pm from their House. They are voting now and we can't call it either way.
First of vote on the Lords amendments. Chief Whip told me that my Bill Committee will be meeting @8:30am tomorrow regardless of tonight.
Expecting a late night on the AV legislation following a Government defeat in the Lords at 3pm.
Sandwich lunch with the Archbishop of Canterbury while pressing him on greater defence of christians abroad.
Our Police Bill committee interrupted by vote. On my way to the Lobby I met Lord Palmer of Cricklewood for the 1st time in the House
Having checked the Order paper I see that the debate is likely to be tomorrow night.
Expecting an all-night debate tonight on the Parliamentary Voting System and Constituencies Bill - Consideration of Lords amendments.
Private meeting with the Home Secretary to discuss anti-social behaviour and crime concerns of constituents
Pleased the Government is reviewing criteria for forestry sales to build in greater protection - unlike the previous Government.
Dealing with constituents' issues at my surgery in the library.
Looking forward to a busy constituency day - first appointment in 10 minutes.
Just released the first tropical fish I have bred.
Received response from the Treasury about my question on monies frozen in Iceland. Not an illuminating reply.
Politics is peculiar. I voted tonight as Ed Miliband was having a party in his room. When I went home I sat with David M alone on the Tube
My comments about not giving prisoners the vote made it to the Jeremy Vine show.
Good discussion with Boris on my amendments to the Police Bill last night. Certainly have his support.
Pretty powerful statement from the PM on the release of Abdelbaset Ali al-Megrahi. We may get the abolition of (cont) http://tl.gd/8lul2i
Fantastic food at the Prince of Ceylon in Hendon that was only surpassed by the chef playing the piano. Incredible talent.
Surgery at Hendon Town Hall before exhibition at Sri Saddhatissa temple. Might be lucky enough to get a curry afterwards if we get time.
The continuing unrest in Egypt provokes concern about the Middle East Peace process. As such I've drafted some questions for the government
My good friends F&E came to see my eye (E is a nurse). Have to keep my head tilted to the left so the gas bubble in my eye can rest on tear.
Emergency operation on my eye. A little bit concerning but it should be sorted.
Unexpectedly back at Moorfiels Eye hospital waiting for operation. I was supposed to be acting PPS on the Police Bill Committee this pm.
In 2002 I introduced Alcohol Free Zones in Hendon. Now I have an idea that could change the Police Bill. Will draft some ammendments.
Very good meeting with the Israeli Embassy this afternoon
Just been in the dining room when Prime Minister asked me what the soup was today. Seems he's been to the dentist and can't chew. Ouch!
Attening Holocaust Memorial event at Middlesex University
Cold afternoon, knocking on doors in Colindale.
Morning walkabout with residents in Burnt Oak revealed the problem of cashless parking in Watling Avenue. Will get on to the council.
The best part of being an MP is the people - had a greart day meeting constituents in their homes and at my surgery
I have given some vital publicity for the Hendon Times in Parliament. Support local business!
Sad to see my office neighbour, Alan Johnson, step down from the Shadow Cabinet. Still what right-minded politician would support Red Ed?
WIll be attending the Westminster Hall debate on anti-sematism after the Police Bill Committee
Finally the media has picked up on votes for prisoners made my view clear in the debate  - see http://www.matthewofford.co.uk
I cannot believe that members of the Labour Party would try and defend Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan being proscribed under the Terrorism Act.
Meeting the CPA delegation from India in Parliament.
Oops - helpfully advised that my were tweets were protected. Now they are available to all.
My first day on the Police and Social Responsibility Bill. Different to be asking questions of witnesses again instead of answering  them.
I see the Number 10 rat has made it to the news... Claire and I saw him when we were last there. Claire spoke to Sam while I sought the rat
Useful meeting with Hendon's Cancer Research UK Ambassador. Good idea for questions to ministers
Visiting the Disability Action in the Borough of Barnet organisation
BBC News says that following Tunis, Egypt or Morocco could be next. Well not out of my window in Rabat. Nice one BBC!
Finished meeting with External Minister and UK Ambassador in Rabat - now to meet Speaker of Parliament
Visiting the Office Cherifien des Phosphates in Casablanca.
Having a good laugh at the comments on the Hendon Times website
It's true - Gordon Brown is still alive. He's downstairs in the Portcullis House Atrium talking to Ben Bradshaw MP
In the HoC Library where Diane Abbott MP just told me all about Suzy Bowler's wedding
Managed to get my usual seat for PMQs without a prayer card.
@SuddenLunch. I need that Lentil Fritter recipe again...
Who was pressing the Labour goverment to give prisoners the vote before the last general election?
In Parliament early so I can speak against convicted prisoners gaining the vote
Tore retina over New Year but after Laser treatment and 3 visits to Moorfields Eye Hospital all is now well. Resolution is less accidents!
XX,HendonMP,Matthew Offord,422,31,1
