@HighPeakAndrew
7am Meeting of High Peak Business Club with @Edwina_Currie listening to presentation on HS2 all local businesses welcome to future meetings
Meeting in Chapel to discuss Neighbourhood Plan last night - a packed Methodist Church in Chapel with huge amount of local interest
Visit to New Mills Art Theatre. A lovely little theatre here in the High Peak. Now in constituency office catching up on casework
Five hour + journey from Westminster but into Glossop for  @HPWomensAid AGM
Looking forward to visiting Sporting Bears at Cat + Fiddle tmrw 7.30pm. Then starting run in Buxton before surgeries in New Mills and Whaley
War Widows To Keep Pensions After Remarrying http://t.co/4jUeZiRX5x
Busy day in HP. Inc selling poppies then superb WW1 commemorative concert by Kinder Choir in Hayfield tonight. Well done to British Legion.
Driven up M1 at 4.30 this morning all users please be careful huge amounts of surface water and very treacherous. Busy day in HP ahead
My email newsletter for this week has just been sent out. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/Q6YkFrBNA1
I've just sent out this week's email newsletter. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/kKP9xDqEOL
After consideration and listening to Zak Goldsmith decided to vote for his amendment to Recall Bill however amendment defeated on the night
Selling poppies in Glossop first then launch of Poppy Appeal with mini military tattoo in Buxton.
Early departure from London, stint in the HP office now out with nestle Day of Community Action in Buxton
My latest weekly email newsletter has just been sent out. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/6krY6JCoqH
My latest weekly email newsletter has just been sent out. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/a4cOQKXzS1
@BCSBusEconDept @CaitlinBisknell please drop me an email and happy to arrange a date that way as it's easier way of doing it
My latest weekly email newsletter has just been sent out. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/pfSTPViL9Q
@BCSBusEconDept @CaitlinBisknell Happy to oblige
My latest weekly email newsletter has just been sent out. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/q3XDMBIoCx
My latest weekly email newsletter has just been sent out. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/TcqIVcFWwt
Great cakes at Macmillan cake and coffee in Chinley. Now hayfield sheepdog trials, lovely day for it
Great event last night to mark Blythe House Hospice 25th Anniversary. Glad to see bottle of HOC whisky signed by PM fetch a good sum in auct
BBC saying Glasgow declaring in 10 minutes. Biggest council so big moment coming up. Will stick with it until then at least
Please people from High Peak go to this link and show support for Stepping Hill as a specialist hospital https://t.co/lXjUobKNDy
My latest weekly email newsletter has just been sent out. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/5ME91xEoHx
Delighted to be opening Post Office in Charlesworth @PostOfficeNews a really valuable facility for the village
Over 100 residents at Healthier Together meeting in Buxton. Pls pls pls if you're in high peak fill in questionnaire. Link on my website.
@co_gas_steveH @katiehainesMT @APPCOG_UK @fbunational @HTWFrank you're right. It was purely a slip of the tongue, sorry for the error
Look likely to only have about 10mins on my PMB. Other business in Chamber has compressed time. Still hope to use to raise awareness on CO
Division on 1st Bill. Suspect another division then I will be on however suspect I will run out of time as house rises at 2.30pm
UQ puts back HOC business so not sure my PMB on CO detectors will get on. Sat in Chamber hoping for the best. Speech ready
Heading back to High Peak. Opening new extension to Street Crane tmrw creating more jobs in HP. Back to Westminster then for my Bill on CO
Waiting to speak in debate on outdoor sport + recreation to extol virtues of High Peak. Hope to refer to #highpeakhike for @HPWomensAid
My latest weekly email newsletter has just been sent out. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/5nFHAPdGNY
@shaunoldham1 done. Technology! We'll get there. : )
@shaunoldham1 is it about fishing rights. If not it's not landed for some odd reason. Very odd. Andrew.bingham.mp@parliament.uk
Snapped by a constituent today speaking in Non League Football debate wearing @Buxton_FC tie http://t.co/z19dPAUXQW
Managed to give local clubs @Buxton_FC @GlossopNorthEnd @newmillsafc a mention in speech backing non league football
Debate on non league football. I was first to be called but was restricted to 5 minute speech but could have spoken for much longer
#highpeakhike more money coming in following my latest email newsletter going out yesterday. Still time to give if you can via just giving
My latest weekly email newsletter has just been sent. You can read it and sign up at http://t.co/oImb6ks2md
After #highpeakhike last week, charity cricket yesterday it's a busy day in House today + tonight will welcome Glossop gentlemen into HoP
#highpeakhike. A huge thanks to all our sponsors. Final total not yet sorted but it's thousands for @HPWomensAid http://t.co/Mwaa3l9TSF
#highpeakhike. Delighted to see the Justgiving page has hit the £1000 target. Adding generous sponsors and sponsor forms will mean 000's tot
After walking approx 65 miles on #highpeakhike why cant I sleep? Could be the pain in my feet? Great thing to do. More tweets later
En route today we will be visiting @buxtonwater one if our main sponsors.
http://t.co/g6wZuflIs1 use this link to donate to #highpeakhike in aid of @HPWomensAid we're at 83% of our justgiving target!
#highpeakhike day3. Buxton-Castleton. Thx to our sponsors DOW chemicals. Today's day sponsor is CEMEX, many thanks to them and all others
@JuliaBradbury am afraid too late on the blisters front, sore ankles but we soldier on tomorrow. No worried we couldn't meet up before
At The Old Hall Hotel in Buxton another generous supporter of #highpeakhike. Feet very blistered and sore. Ankles very painful
@JuliaBradbury @HPWomensAid huge thanks for the tweet Julia.
Heading to New Mills now. @buxtonwater to hand as the sun is coming out. Passing by main sponsor DOW. #highpeakhike for @HPWomensAid
#highpeakhike. Setting off shortly from Hayfield heading for Buxton via New Mills, Furness Vale, Whaley Bridge and the Goyt Valley
#highpeakhike Day 2 dawns. Todays sponsor is No6 The Square Tearooms in Buxton. Many thanks for your support for @HPWomensAid
Day 1 of #highpeakhike completed. Now in Royal Hotel,Hayfield - another fantastic supporter of the hike. Blisters on both feet.
Heading for @Mettricks for sandwich and to thank them for supporting #highpeakhike for @HPWomensAid
Just coming down off ladyclough down through Doctors Gate towards Glossop #highpeakhike
Day 1 of #highpeakhike. The day's sponsor is Cemex. Main Hike sponsor DOW and @buxtonwater key sponsor and provider of water.
#highpeakhike starts today. Weather not looking great. 2 companions walking today so big thx to Paul H from Glossop +Julie BT from ldn offic
Early night. #highpeakhike starts tomorrow. 60+ miles around the boundary of the most beautiful constituency in the country may get wet tho
#highpeakhike for @HPWomensAid just giving page is at http://t.co/g6wZuflIs1. Please give if you can.
#highpeakhike for @HPWomensAid is approx 60+miles. Free comp. Gutterline Challenge. Guess how many steps I will take. Email your guess
New Twitter pic set showing some of Hike sponsors DOW, Cemex. Others inc @buxtonwater , gutterline, cottage craft spirals. More to follow
Steady drizzle in HP. #highpeakhike tomorrow for @HPWomensAid. Hope the weather picks up. Follow for regular hike updates. Today Hope Show
Surgeries today; Hayfield and Furness Vale. 3days to go to #highpeakhike. Thanks to @buxtonwater for water supplies received yesterday
Opening the Post Office service in Dove Holes today. Delighted to be doing so. Surgery in Glossop later
In Sheffield Town Hall for meeting of Trans Pennine Routes study meeting. Plugging ofr our bypass
Healthcare Together consultation meeting in Glossop. Good local turnout. Please have your say in High Peak #BestCare @healthierGM
New PL season starts today but don't forget, tomorrow England Women's Rugby team play in World Cup Final! Go ladies go! @englandrugby
Ask Andrew No.3 tonight. Bradbury House, Glossop. 7.30 - 9pm.
Addressing Chapel WI tonight at Chapel-en-le-Frith Town Hall. A full room already in their seats.
Been out with Nat. Citizenship service this afternoon. Good to see lots of young people getting stuck in. 2nd Ask Andrew tonight.
Meeting at Stepping Hill earlier discussing Healthier Together. Must make sure the High Peak voice is heard. Its not just Grtr. Manchester
Meeting with First Trans Pennine to discuss future franchise bid and trains for HP particularly Hope Valley line they operate at present
Delighted to be appointed PPS to Mark Francois, Defence Minister. Real surprise and feel very honoured, especially to be working in defence
@ChrisChittell  not sure we did to be honest but we tried our best. Hope you are well
Opening the second pitch at Buxton cricket Club. Opening the batting in 20 20 match. All welcome to ground on Green Lane
Delighted to welcome almost 50 parish Cllrs and volunteers to Westminster today. I invited them in recognition of what they do for High Peak
House adjourned. Now supporting Zayka restaurant from Whaley Bridge who I nominated for Tiffin Cup for best S Asian restaurant in uk. #final
Today I will present my Carbon Monoxide Bill to the House of Commons. Straight after #PMQ's. Second reading date to be announced then
Le Tour Yorkshire - A few things you need to know - YouTube http://t.co/yGsvMqf0iQ
Good to see Buxton students in Parl today. Two Q+A sessions. Pleased to see that all of them who will be 18 intend to vote in 2015 GE
Just spoken to Glossop business network. Now back to music skills day at Glossop school
Massive thank you to @Oritse for supporting music skills day in Glossop
My music skills day at Glossop school today. Member of a famous band due to arrive as surprise guest. Can anyone guess which band??
Central Methodist Church, Glossop for debate on future of nuclear weapons with Glossop Peace Group. Looking fwd to hearing all viewpoints
Speaking and taking questions at Harpur Hill Residents Association. Last time I was here we were nearly snowed off. Not tonight though : )
Between Peak Forest and Castleton. Wet and windy http://t.co/sFFvq6AwBI
Walking for meningitis today. Looking at the pouring rain, now where's my waterproofs? Walking from Peak Forest to Edale.
@therealskyman ok ta. Before 12 if you could please
@therealskyman email me your phone number pls. Need some help etc
@Rapid__Rich  cheers thx
@BenBo92  don't worry. It comes straight to me but you are always welcome to see me personally at a surgery or in constituency offfice
@IanABingham @beckersmatt  Dreadlock holiday was I think their last No.1.  1979 from memory. Was the tour called the Are You Normal tour?
Early start walking. Training for high peak hike in august for @HPWomensAid. Glorious weather on Kinder http://t.co/qTzQuTmGw1
@BenBo92  twitter too restrictive. Pls see my profile. Happy to give full response to any queries. Pls email in and will happily reply
Followers over 4000! Memo to self. Must try and tweet more but as High Peak Hike draws closer there will be more info coming inc sponsors
Surgeries in Gamesley 9.30 - 11am and Tintwistle 11.30-1pm today then Hayfield for the Carnival. Also donating football equip to Gamesley
@ColinRamwell as a non league footie fan am big supporter of grass roots football. Pls drop me an email and will respond in detail re edm
I’m hiking 60 miles in August in aid of local charity @HPWomensAid. Pls sponsor me on my @JustGiving page at http://t.co/cVVYO0MbOk
Finished Hanging Round Musicians by old frnd Gareth Ashton. Stories of his bands in late 70's early 80's great read+  memories @Lloyd_Cole
42 to go. Who will be my 4000th follower on Twitter?
Dove Holes Got Talent. Judge arrives! http://t.co/lBDsdrnRdb
Judging tonight at Dove Holes Got Talent!! http://t.co/eomnu9Dl8Q
Busy surgeries, then out with team door knocking followed by delivering Blythe house newsletters. Tonight judging Dove Holes Got Talent!!
Great set by SWaY @nantwichjazz good start to the day. Where next? Watch this space
Presenting a new football kit to Whaley Bridge FC today. Was delighted to win it in FA grassroots spot the ball comp in Westminster.
@nickdebois @tracey_crouch thou dost protest too much!! Lol
Good Friday. As a former contestant am sitting down to watch @Fifteentoone. Bit of a nostalgia trip having been on the original series twice
8am meeting with local business then ministerial visit. Now just out of Charlesworth Parish Council meeting. Varied day around High Peak
Walking with health minister and @davidrutleymp in high peak http://t.co/9LZbEGYF9S
Remarkable response to Hike sponsorship packages. Only sent out yesterday but already businesses responding well. More packages available
@vernon_bear  if you will please call my office as requested then I am happy to explain the situation. Twitter is not suited for such mattrs
@vernon_bear  don't assume. Please email. Meeting WB resident(s) tmrw to discuss. Much more detail via email. Pls contact. Happy to discuss
@WhaleyBMatters always do my best to support constituents. Meeting with WB constituent(s) tmrw to discuss. Please email as much more to tell
@vernon_bear @WhaleyBMatters  not correct to say Govt forcing development happy to discuss. Twitter to restrictive so pls email as per profl
@WhaleyBMatters  happy to talk. Please email me as twitter doesn't give enough space. Details on my profile. Thx. A
Spring cleaning with Buxton Town Team. Great turn out. Toot if you pass me scrubbing signs on roadside.
@ConHistGrp it's ok. Forgiven : )
@ConHistGrp Grandfather.
Surgeries, Burbage + Harpur Hill this morning, then opening of new facilities Glossop RUFC. Now Blythe House Pie + Pea supper sparrowpit
Launch of Year 3 of Canparent classes in High Peak http://t.co/u9Ls3K2R3e
Bamford Post Office, Cafe and Pub opening @postofficenews http://t.co/K8JQzWxIBu
Fantastic opening of Post Office at The Anglers Rest in Bamford. Brilliant community effort
Minister proposing an extra £14m for Derbyshire schools!! Am in Deregulation Bill Cttee so can't get to Chamber but good news
Back from door knocking in Glossop. Good to have some High Peak air again.
Pleased to welcome 2 High Peak students to Westminster as part of International Women's Day. Katie from New Mills and Bobbi from Glossop
Deregulation Bill Cttee then meeting constituent at event highlighting Bliss report on costs associated with premature births
Adjournment debate tonight on Planning in National Parks. Listening intently as large part of constituency sits in Peak District National Pk
Surgeries in Hayfield then Furness Vale today then out on the doors in New Mills
Glossop: in a league of its own http://t.co/z0eeWKvzBg
@craigjohnston14  A letter was sent on the 6th from memory. As I said, I will double check from westminster on Monday and confirm via email
@craigjohnston14  reply went 6th Feb from memory. Will double check on Monday when back in Westminster.
Just about to do interview with Tameside Radio for broadcast next week. V interesting meeting last night with NFU and badger vaccinators
Restricted to 3.5 minutes in speech on cutting VAT for tourism.  Diff to make a good argument in such short time whilst also highlighting HP
@WhaleyBMatters apologies, I've got Advice Surgery from 9.30 - 12.30 which are fully booked with constituents.
@craigjohnston14 happy to reply. Please email me as prefer not to reply via Twitter as not enough space. Pls see my profile for details. A
@WellFitCIC is it 11am football start today?
Funny old world. Someone I knew as a child @Lloyd_Cole and someone I work with now Michael Gove, both on @marrshow
@Lloyd_Cole watching with interest. Hope others across the High Peak will be watching.
Interested to watch former High Peak resident and childhood near neighbour @Lloyd_Cole on Andrew Marr show this morning #marrshow
Tree planting with @transitionbux in Cote Heath Park. Fruit trees going in
Local business owners at seminar on Tour de France and what opportunities it could bring to Glossop businesses http://t.co/R72490G1CL
Quick coffee in @picolounge before Tour de France event for local businesses. 10.30 at Bradbury house
Local businesses. Hear how Tour de France can benefit you when it comes to High Peak. Come to Bradbury House today 10.30am for my TdF event
Opening new classroom at Hague Bar School first job. Then off the Glossopdale School with UK Music to discuss potentially exciting project
Surgeries in c*stleton and Hope this morning then out speaking to residents on the doorsteps afterwards.
@harrysams I can't reply within the restrictions on twitter. Happy to respond at length if you can email me please. Several letters gone 2dy
Managed to pay tribute to Furness Vale COGS and Bamford CS for their efforts on Yeardsley Lane field and Anglers Rest in debate in HoC
Waiting to spk in dbt on Rural Communities. Suspect I won't get to say everything I want so will try and avoid repeating points already made
Another planning debate in Westminster Hall, trying to reinforce points I've already made in previous speeches. Debate over subscribed again
Mesothelioma Bill passed last night. I and others tried to raise compensation level but we were defeated but plsd some action taken at last
Kinder Children's Choir has done so much for so many young people. Congratulations once again Joyce Ellis for MBE in New Years Hons list
Absolutely thrilled to see Joyce Ellis awarded MBE in New Years honours. Thoroughly well deserved.
@pfozzy see my profile. Too much to get in a tweet. Email me your details and happy to send you a full update. Thx
Merry Christmas everyone!
There's obvious concerns following previous Govt decision to give unrestricted access to previous accession countries which was a mistake
Debate on Immigration from Romania and Bulgaria, hoping to make some points during the course of proceedings.
Busy constituency day. 1st stop, postal sorting office in Glossop to see how they manage all our Xmas cards
European Scrutiny Cttee finished then vote. Time to catch last 35mins of debate on future of badger cull as promised to constituents.
Reference to Trans Pennine routes in Infrastructure plan today and just raised Mottram Tintwistle bypass in Chamber. Mtg Minister on Monday
Pleased to welcome @timloughton @CherylGillanMP and @AndrewJonesMP to All Party Group on Commercial Radio.
Busy surgeries this morning in Dove Holes and Fairfield then to a table top sale in Buxton.
A very sad spectacle to see Labour using procedure and delaying tricks to scupper EU Referendum Bill. Does reputation of Parlmnt no favours
In Westminster to vote for EU Referendum. Labour trying delaying tactics to wreck the Bill.
Adjournment debate on digital switchover & potential impact on small local radio stations like @HighPeakRadio They mustn't  be left behind
HoC procedure very frustrating. Had to withdrw my spking request on small business due to cttee Mtg. Cttee finished early but can't get slot
"@paulhighamPT: @HighPeakAndrew Hi Andrew. Fancy a free personal Training Session? Give me a shout!". What do people think? Be kind pls
Was down to speak in today's debate on Small Business. Been put on a committee that clashes, really frustrating especially as speech written
Great to see Buxton Water is the official water of the London Marathon 2014. Great advert for the whole of the High Peak to massive audience
Friday. Private Member Bill. EU Referendum Bill. In Westminster to vote for an EU Referendum
@HighPeakRadio ok. Will do.
Have just been elected as Chairman of the All Party Commercial Radio Group. Comm radio great thing eg. High Peak Radio
2 sessions of Local Audit & Accountability Bill Committee today. AGM of APPG on commercial radio later on.
@wild_duncan I am simila3ly disappointed but if you can drop me an email I will give you a better reply than I can on twitter.
We will never forget. At chapel cenotaph this year but have people representing me across the High Peak #remembrancesunday
Gamesley and Tintwistle surgeries this morning. Now selling poppies Glossop Tesco. Dawn departure required from Westminster
Decision day in Great Towns Final with Buxton in last 3. Had to be in Westminster to ensure EU referendum bill makes progress.
@Djcolzey all details are on http://t.co/h608D8MUuz or tel 01298 26698 or 02072197086
Third session of Local Audit + Accountability Bill Committee with @BrandonLewis and @claire4devizes
Colchester Military Wives Choir singing in Parliament. Fabulous! Lets not forget what their men do for us all. http://t.co/5tim9DPuTL
I will be voting for a referendum. James Wharton Bill on the Order Paper this friday http://t.co/uW1Qoc6oHG
At event discussing women's rights in Afghanistan with Amnesty International.
Knitwits made Poppy pressed and ready for use again today @IsabelHardman
Opening Night. Anglers Rest. Bamford!! http://t.co/BowbKdOEir
Opening night at Anglers Rest in Bamford. Busy and thriving. Real community spirit in a community pub!!
Poppy selling in Glossop http://t.co/TL5GzxqFSu
Selling poppies in Glossop Tescos until 4pm. Then off to see Glossop retailers with some information about forthcoming event I'm putting on
Surgeries today, New Mills + Whaley Bridge. Poppy selling this afternoon in Glossop Tesco. Then visiting High St. shops with exciting news!
Great speech last night by @EstherMcVeyMP at dinner with local businesses in High Peak. Wide variety of issues discussed with different Co's
Busy day yesterday. Doing a shift in Stepping Hill hospital, bed making, serving lunches, cleaning down, general helping out.
@andy_murray yes. I think when Man City put 10 goals past Huddersfield a few years ago three players scored hat tricks. Can't remember who
At Mountain Rescue exhibition in House of Commons Inc High Peak member @mattdooley80 http://t.co/ku033eHT28
@IsabelHardman knitted by a group of ladies from High Peak. Nitwits - knit Poppies for Poppy appeal. Asked to wear it for PMQ's. Happy to do
Meeting with Fair Fuel UK to discuss high fuel prices.
@stephenbooth NP. Happy to support all things Peak District and High Peak. PS. Very much enjoy the books too. Very good
In London just in time for start of film The Perfect Storm. Looking at weather forecast not sure it's the best film to watch but here goes!
2 sugeries, launch of Poppy Appeal in Buxton. Now in Gamesley for Macmillan fund raising event at Centurion Pub. Excellent turn out.
Very busy constituency weekend ahead. : ) AM.Looking at road issue in Hadfield then Glossop Cartons to see the new machine mentioned at PMQs
A 2 hr wait to deliver a 6 minute speech. Could argue the system needs to change but so many excellent contributions it was 2 hrs well spent
Speeches now reduced to six minutes. Yet more speech editing needed. A common theme from colleagues developing which I will add to
Chairman has informed us of a time limit on speeches of 7 minutes. Instant and savage speech editing required!!!
After listening to debate on interest rate swaps mis-selling am now waiting to speak in debate on planning, housing supply + the countryside
"@CaitlinBisknell: @beebeebarlow @PeakChief @HighPeakAndrew @BuxtonFestival am sure others will agree that the pleasure was all ours. AGREED
Prior to welcoming soldiers was in discussions re Mesothelioma. Now off to speak on Carbon Monoxide poisoning
http://t.co/W3P36KJX11
Joined Prime Minister in welcoming 1st Mechanised Brigade back from afghanistan to Westminster. http://t.co/vW1Xq9nV6L
Just signed @TheIET pledge to support engineering in High Peak. #TEweek13
St. John's church for the Tutti Concert by Peak District Music Centre & Dark Peak Music Trust. All young musicians - great sight to behold
Twitter recovered on phone : ). Just left a Trafalgar Lunch where was main speaker. Column to write for papers now, then out again at HP evt
Fine tuning speech for my Adjournment Debate tmrw on challenges facing rural businesses. Making points on various issues raised by HP Co's
Nice to see a little bit of High Peak in Westminster http://t.co/6J2rjIWj0L
Meeting with BT discussing rural broadband. Stressing need in High Peak and raising specific constituents individual problems
40th anniversary event for @buxtonaircadets tonight at The Dome in Buxton. Congratulations to all
Interesting article coming up on BBC 6pm News re National Trust and workings in the High Peak.
Speaking to Glossop businesses first thing this morning with DNCC. Encouraging signs on economy and interesting feedback.
Great to hear that High Peak team Derbyshire Rams won cricket comp at Wormsley. Prize bought at celeb charity cricket day in June.
Service to commemorate Battle of Britain truly moving. To hear of a BoB pilot aged just 21 is really thought provoking
Diary clash. European Scrutiny or Equitable Life victims meeting. Constituents affected by EL plus Minister in attendance so at EL meeting
Quick gallop from European Scrutiny Cttee to a debate on National Parks Planning Policy.
Heading to speak at an afternoon tea raising money for DLR Air Ambulance.
Last Night of the Proms. Absolutely fantastic. Proud to be British - "little island no one listens to" says who! ! ! ! ! !
Surgeries today. Hayfield Con Club 9.30 - 11am and Furness Vale 11.30 - 1pm.
Delighted that the deal for Bamford community to buy Anglers Rest is back on. Meetings with various interested parties were not in vain
President Obama recalling Congress. Sounds familiar. Prime Minister's wish for Parliamentary backing now replicated across the Atlantic
@heffalunk am on the case. Will do all I can
Voted against any military involvement in Syria. Was it a far better thing I have done tonight than I have ever done. Time will tell
@IsabelHardman thanks. Don't worry, your not the first to make that mistake
@IsabelHardman There's a quote wrongly attributed to me in your column (should it be A. Bridgen?) however I am against intervention in Syria
Pleased to see Parliament recalled to discuss Syria. Right thing to do. Regret need to cancel constituency appointments but need to be there
I would be very reluctant to support any military intervention in Syria. Happy listen to reasoning but still very sceptical
Busy day ahead but will keep an ear cocked for potential recall to Parliament. Still think we should be recalled before any action in Syria
@AnglersBamford spent most of friday afternoon trying to save deal for village. Too long for Twitter to go into detail but am on your side
Beautiful day for Hope Show with a good bank holiday crowd http://t.co/74N0F6kl44
Parliamentary recall is necessary before any military action in Syria imho. At present I would be reluctant about any such action.
Beautiful day in High Peak for Hope Show. Off there shortly.
Proud to be with Great Aunt Dolly Ford - oldest village resident - to unveil plaque. Three generations of family here as Mum also along
In Furness Vale for unveling of plaque for QE2 status for playing field. Fantastic effort by COGS group. Real community work.
Surgery this morning, constituency office in Buxton. 9.30 - 12.30. Looking very busy already but happy to squeeze anyone in who comes along
@Fifteentoone @remedytv that would be interesting. Suspect I'm the only one who has done it before but am sure you would get 15 no problem
@HighPeakAndrew @Fifteentoone short of contestants??? : )
Visiting Astral Training in Buxton today, then eye test with meetings to follow. Think new glasses may be imminent. #gettingold
As an ex contestant, delighted to see a return for Ch4 quiz show Fifteen to One albeit only a one off.
Good luck to all High Peak students getting their GCSE results today
Two meetings yesterday with judges for Great Town of the Year award 2014. Hope they were suitably impressed. More summer reading today
National Citizenship Service quiz at Old Hall Hotel, Buxton. Age difference beginning to tell. Some questions too young for me as a 51 y o!
National Citizenship Service event tonight in Buxton. Quiz and auction raising money for Nightstop. Follows on from event earlier in week
Some great Creepy Houses at Summer Reading Challenge - today in Chapel Library. Judging again !!
Summer Reading Challenge in Hadfield has kids enthralled. Being done by Peak District National Park.
Decision time!! http://t.co/2KxvFFXfvY
Glossop Library for kids Scrapheap Challenge as part of Summer Reading Challenge. Got to judge best entry - looking like a tough decision
Harpur Hill Residents meeting tonight discussing planning, localism, Local Plan. Very good turnout also discussed speech in House on same.
Buxton library. First of several visits to Summer Reading Challenge. Taking place over next few days. Good turn out for Ugly Bug Ball
High Peak Mayor Civic Service this afternoon. Tonight to see a performance of Pirates of Penzance at Chapel Playhouse.
@canticolchonero my pleasure
At a public meeting Glossop to discuss Tameside Hospital. Governors and Senior Managers present
@BTCare done
@BTCare I'm afraid not. The problem still exists. Despite speaking to three people then the third referring me back to the 1st
@BlackBerryHelp why do emails from btopenworld account sent to any Hotmail account from a Q10 not get delivered? Work fine from PC. Help!
1hr 30minutes on phone trying to resolve email issues. Arrrggh. BT kept telling me my email add didn't exist. Funny as I've had it 14yrs!!
Talking to Bamford Community Society about share issue to retain Anglers Rest as a community hub. Great idea. See http://t.co/5nk5JHiCVn
Really difficult to condense a 10 minute speech into 3 minutes. Tried to get as many points in as possible but could have spoken for longer
3 minute limit on speeches in this debate. Now doing a hasty re write. My original intention was to speak for 10 minutes!
Waiting to speak on localism in planning decisions. Need to get away from approval on appeal by inspector
Statement from Health Secretary on Keogh Report on hospitals (which wasn't the House's finest hour imho), now in meeting with Keogh himself
@AnglersBamford drop me an email. Happy to help if I can. A
At the OFT presenting petition on fuel prices. Hoping to turn up the heat on a hot day
Andy Murray. First Briton to win Wimbledon wearing shorts !
Fair do's to Djokovic, very gracious in defeat but fantastic performance by Murray. Not just to win, but in straight sets!! Unbelievable!
BBC Sports Personality of the Year - mmm I wonder who will win that. Great acheivement by Andy Murray. How can a 3 set match shred nerves?
"@ConHome: 304-0 for @jameswhartonmp's EU referendum bill. What Miliband will do next. http://t.co/6zLpCGeYDg"
EU referendum PMB gets second reading ! Quite right too ! People should be given their say - its been too long
Private Members Bill on EU Referendum today in HoC. I will vote in support as I believe it right that British people have their say
Day of drama at Tameside Hospital. C.Green gone, rightly in my view. My statement on website. Post resignation statement will be there tmrw
@PeakChief when is Croatian house opening event pls Jim. Can you email me pls. A
Hadfield Hall art show - great paintings. Well worth a visit over the weekend
Great to welcome 20 students from Buxton Community School to westminster this morning. Some very good questions posed.
Great to welcome 20 students from Buxton
@Lloyd_Cole featuring in pack horse as a scottish band !! Prob right but he did live in Chapel-en-le-Frith
"@cj_dinenage: Happy Birthday @HighPeakAndrew xx" thank you. Today is the 30th anniversary of my 21st birthday !!
Paintings at Hayfield Pro Loco truly brilliant. So much talent and amazing to think all painted in a day !!
Surgeries in Peak Dale then Fairfield. Then off to New Mills Carnival followed by Pro Loco in Hayfield. Wish it would stop raining : (
Congrats to Richard Body, Ian Hurst, Paul Archer, Victoria Beer, Philip Gummett, Keith Birkitt. High Peak recipients of Birthday Honours
Congratulations to High Peak recipients in birthday honours for work for Mountain Rescue, Torrs Hydro to name but two
Lots of constituency stuff today. Hadfield, Buxton then 2 surgeries - Gamesley & Tintwistle followed by judging for Chapel Carnival tonight
@CiaraOnly1 unfortunately I am at a private event that night but have got you a prize for raffle. It will be in my office from tmrw
Just spoken in support of small businesses trying to obtain public sector contracts and the dreaded Pre Qualification Questionnaires
Just chaired a meeting about school swimming. 2 olympians present @steparry2 + @Tanni_GT.  interesting report by @ASAaquatics
@TheAdamCorbally @LennyAlls @BarneyHarwood @MrMattWolfenden @TonysTrials @Paulnico199 thanks guys. Made just over £10000 for Air Ambulance
Delighted to say the charity cricket match on Sunday raised just over £10,000 for DLR Air Ambulance. Great effort and thanks to everyone.
"@HighPeakRadio: Spectators look on as charity cricket match, organised by High Peak MP, @HighPeakAndrew, begins. http://t.co/tMcEf7j7NE"
Buxton cricket ground. Getting ready for celebrity/emmerdale charity match tmrw. All for air ambulance. 2pm start http://t.co/NKc7N5acdk
@Aggerscricket @BeefyBotham would love a RT pls. Charity cricket match. MP's v Emmerdale all for Air ambulance. Sunday, Buxton 38yr snc snow
@TheAdamCorbally @BarneyHarwood both starring in Charity Cricket Match on Sunday. Pay on the gate. Cricket Factory there for kids to try out
Great that @HighPeakRadio are having a road show at the Charity Cricket Match on Sunday. If you can't attend then tune in or listen online
Surgeries later today, New Mills + Whaley Bridge but first picking food up from Mettricks and Adam Corbally for players BBQ tmrw night
Weather brightening in High Peak ready for charity cricket on Sunday. Preparations going at full throttle now. All for Air Ambulance
Only three days to Charity Cricket Match in High Peak. Weather supposed to be brightening. Lots of running around sorting but should be fun
Charity cricket news @andycrane64 fails late fitness test. Plenty of other celebs still playing though @TheAdamCorbally @BarneyHarwood
@CiaraOnly1 I will print some of your flyers and put them out at cricket match unless you've got a load printed already?
@CiaraOnly1
@CiaraOnly1 email me the flyer and I will circulate it too.
@CiaraOnly1 happy to provide raffle prize from House of Commons for event. Please email me. Not received a letter though.
Charity cricket Match. What music should I walk out to bat to? Suggestions please by twitter or email
8 days to charity cricket match in Buxton. MPs+celebs v Emmerdale. Anniversary of snow in June 1975. In aid of Air Ambulance. Diary it pls
Trying surgeries on a friday evening tonight. Leaving Edale for Bamford
Disappointed not to top the PMB ballot but was always a long shot.
Prior eng means missing Dambusters flypast over Derwent Dams but can be at Mem service in Chapel before speaking to HP Ladies Luncheon Club
Great to see High Peak Olympian @jempin515 Jennifer Pinches in Westminster
Surgeries this morning. Burbage then Harpur Hill. Variety of issues to look at with constituents
"@nickdebois: Twenty Tory MPs demand Europe referendum bill via @Telegraph http://t.co/12Xf9qcbX0" you can make that 21
@StubbsBlue @jreynoldsMP drop me your details Martin and will reply. To long for twitter. A
Glossop surgery this morning. Bradbury House. Then mtg with Adam Corbally followed by Kinder trespass anniversary event then off campaigning
Just home after day of campaigning, meetings and speech. Left london yesterday 24deg by the time I arrived in High Peak it was 7deg !!
Funeral this morning hope it passes peacefully. Appreciate contrasting views but Mrs. T was the first female PM and for 11yrs.
Got in with my contribution although had to cut 6 min speech down severely so couldn't get in a raft of other points I wanted to make.
For accuracy we are debating a lords amendment to give local councils discretion whether to adopt this policy. I think that is sensible
Frustrated I may get in to speak in debate on Govt proposals to allow house extensions without planning permission. I would speak against!
Derbyshire Day in Houses of Parl Mettricks pork pie - excellent, Buxton water. Home from home! Now in chamber debating planning changes soon
One of lifes ironies that tonights peoples songs episode is dealing with strike ridden britain in the week we lost Mrs. T. #bbcpeoplessongs
@merlyn2100 I will be in Westminster. Awaiting guidance over house sitting and whether MPs will be able to attend the funeral itself
Sad to hear of passing of Lady Thatcher. Privileged to have met her. She turned round Britain from sick man of Europe http://t.co/TAY2On4NJO
Surgeries in Hayfield (9.30-11. Conservative Club) and Furness Vale (11.30-1pm. Social Club) today.
Working the bar at the New Mills CAMRA Hills + Mills beer festival. Everyone happy at cancellation of beer duty escalator. PS. I'm driving:(
"@CiaraOnly1: nd 17 more people 4 dinner if not more :) please encourage your followers please to help thanks"
Mrs. B laughing at my use of the word 'wireless'. Fair do's I suppose as am listening to it via the telly
10pm Wednesday. Retro night sitting down with the wireless and #thepeoplessongs on radio 2
Nantwich Jazz, Blues + Music Festival - excellent ! Now waiting for Sad Cafe to come on stage at the Civic Hall.
@Food2GoRomiley looked like Bowden Hall in Chapel to me
Scenes from High Peak villages Chapel-en-le-Frith & Hayfield in The Village on BBC1 tonight
Meeting with NFU first thing. Then discussions with National Trust. Lots of farming and land management issues discussed in both meetings
Good discussions with Derbyshire Carers in Glossop this evening around respite care and other issues. Letters to do and sign now over cocoa
Snowing steadily. Will I get to Peak Forest, Chapel Primary School, Tameside Hospital and Derbyshire Carers? Will have a very good go!
Parliamentary recess for Easter. Glad to be back in High Peak. Packed diary for next 2.5weeks starting at 9am today with Peak Forest school
A515 was passable with extreme care at 9.30pm last night but it was snowing. Snowing this morning too so would check before using A515 today
Although limited speaking time available managed to raise Carbon Monoxide poisoning in last day debates. Asked for CO detectors in new homes
BBC4 documentary about Slade. Takes me back to my youth #guiltypleasure
Visit to local employer in New Mills then off to presentation of certificates at Juniper training in Glossop to young people
Hollowford Centre in Castleton first thing this morning. Some great activities for young people teaching so many different life skills
@jmothecat prostate cancer
Fantastic. @Mettricks of Glossop WIN countryside alliance oscar!!!!! Well done. Much deserved
Good luck @Mettricks today and well done for getting this far.
A question at PMQs then off to see HP butcher John Mettrick @Mettricks at Countryside Alliance Oscars finals
Lovely day in High Peak. Surgeries in Hadfield and Charlesworth. Then to Buxton for launch of Discover Buxton Tram tours. On doorsteps after
Next stop chinley. Coffee morning at thw WI. Pop in if you're passing
At the On Yer Bike For Brain Tumours Event in Glossop. Lots of people pedalling furiously with 4 cyclists doing the whole 12 hrs non stop !!
@SwizzelsMatlow Will do.
@SwizzelsMatlow Hansard to go in post. Anyones attention in particular please?  Thx. A
@SwizzelsMatlow @VisitNewMills #swizzelsmatlow mentioned in debate in HoC today too by pure coincidence. Debate on manufacturing in E.Mids
"@SwizzelsMatlow: @VisitNewMills Did you see the New Mills Factory of Love in today's Sun? #swizzelsmatlow http://t.co/IePB5zB7"
Frustrated at a 6 minute speech limit in debate on East Midlands manufacturing so could only say a part of what I wanted to.
"@Mark4WyreForest: If anyone needed a reason to support local butchers, this horse meat scandal is as good as any."
Same sex marriage debate then mtg BT to discuss broadband in High Peak then to Supporters Direct meeting in response to constituent requests
Letters done. Mug of hot chocolate & settling down for tonights The Peoples Songs on Radio 2 at 11pm. 1977!! #nostalgia #thepeoplessongs
VERY disappointed with OFT report on fuel prices. Told them so in mtg this morning in fairly 'straightforward' terms. Other colleagues agree
Debate on scam mail. It affects the most vulnerable
HGV Road User Levy enables charges to be levied on foreign wagons using British Roads.  Suspect boundaries vote will keep it out of the news
Delegated Legislation Cttee this morning but the big issue of the day is the boundary changes. Afterwards HGV Road User Levy Bill
Adjournment debate Wednesday: 'Use of partial stalls in European Pig Industry' - brought by Richard Bacon !
"@HighPeakRadio: News - A cash boost of more than £80,000 at the Buxton Museum and Art Gallery is set to create jobs for local people."
Surgeries today. Chapel 9.30-11 then Chinley 11.30-1pm. Car dug out so ready to go.
New Mills business breakfast at 7.30am, then into High Peak Radio, now in Matlock discussing Broadband for Derbyshire
EU referendum at last. Those of us too young in 1975 will get our say. Also 2017 means it will be a ref on the future EU not the past EU
@CalumErrickson email me all your details please and will see what I can do
"@MarkSpencerMP: Attending the debate on East Mids Ambulance service in the commons at 10 20". Me too !
After a Plane Trains and Automobiles esque journey to London made it in Chamber for PM statement on Algeria
@sheffters getting across Tideswell Moor from Chapel to Chesterfield. All road bulletins were advising against chancing it
A6 extremely slow. Have been queuing from Furness and only as far as Disley. Traffic hardly moving now
So if I can't get to chesterfield fro my london train, how would EMAS expect an ambulance to make the journey!? (Heading for stockport now)
@hypalon tomorrow all being well for a 1.30pm meeting
Good meeting with Harpur Hill residents. Good turn out given the weather. Now the question is, can I get home
Harper
Wish I could get round this auto correct. Trying again. Harper Hill residents meeting tonight.  Roads very snowy,blowing across at Tom Thorn
Ago again
Harper. Blasted auto correct
Heading to Harper hill residents meeting
Dear EMAS. Today proves why we need a High Peak Ambulance station ! I came over Tideswell Moor this morning & there was snow on it already!
Still snowing in High Peak.
Pavilion Gardens, Buxton earlier this morning. http://t.co/U3xl5k9H
Snowing heavily in Buxton. Just made it here from Hope Valley. Main roads getting snow on, back roads covered. Be careful everybody
Fantastic news that the 2014 Tour de France will come through the High Peak for six miles, north-east of Glossop!
Just had my BMI measured by My Weight My Future campaign.  #knowmybmi
@McfcLippy I certainly am NOT one of them. I am very satisfied with the salary
Great point made in dementia debate by @tracey_crouch Get on with Dilnot to limit care costs to prevent people having to sell their homes
Interesting debate on dementia this afternoon
@nigenet it is possible to claim for 1st class travel. I don't by choice. Off to bed now, goodnight. : )
@nigenet Aha. Fair do's. M1 one of several reasons I much prefer the train whenever possible. So much easier and can do some work on train
@nigenet it is possible to use 1st class. I always use 2nd as I promised not to travel 1st prior to being elected. Prefer to use train.
@nigenet not seen original Q. Always train when I can & NEVER 1st class. Prefer train. Happy to reply in full if you can email details old
Wish The People's Songs was available as a pod cast, am sure there's a good reason why not ?
"@mjharwood1: @StuartMaconie loved the people's songs this week #excellent"
@bbcpeoplessongs excellent tonight. Remember buying 12" single version of Two Tribes whilst on Jury service in Derby. Frankie says........
Listening to The People's Songs on Radio 2. Based around Two Tribes by Frankie Goes to Hollywood
@MichaelVaughan snap. Derbyshire to london - hardest bit from bottom of M1 !
@howardgunn it gets worse. I fell asleep during the programme !
@howardgunn getting there : )
BBC4. Hits of 1978. Year I left Chapel School. All seems like yesterday. #depressed
First surgeries of 2013 tomorrow. Peak Dale (Great Rocks club)9.30-11am then Fairfield (Community Centre) 11.30-1pm
@anthammcfc drop me an email and I will take up your case although I think you may have done so already in which case I will get on to it
Suspect the network will get overloaded in about 90 minutes so before it does, Happy New Year to all, especially High Peak residents
Merry Christmas everybody
@AnnekayHall I agree but its all I was allowed. Had lots more to say
8 minute limit imposed on Ambulance speech in House. Got most of what I wanted in, but could have said sooo much more given more time
Managed to secure short debate tmrw on EMAS ambulance proposals for High Peak. Estimate speaking between 12-1pm. Will repeat my opposition
Speech in Glossop this morning. Now off to open nursery in Chapel followed by a Q+A. Very icy first thing, now just incessant rain
Heading to the opening of The Green Man Gallery at 7pm. Surgeries tomorrow - New Mills then Whaley Bridge which is my 100th MP surgery!
@Lloyd_Cole Greg Lake. 1973? Think you may have still been in Chapel then ?
Cold wet morning in London but quiet at this time. Me and a Labour MP on bus with just a couple of other people
Autumn Statement today. Really hoping Chancellor does something on fuel - after all we've given him plenty of lobbying over last few weeks
2nd session of HGV Road User Levy Bill Cute. Taking evidence.
In Public Bill Cute for HGV Road User Levy Bill 1st session. Legislating to charge foreign haulage operators for using British roads.
Great to see High Peak company @countryattire in Sunday Times Fast Track 100. Congratulations to all. Well Done !
@debbiee69 yes. Happy to provide a full reply by letter or email. Or look at my column in next was paper
Good turnout at Charity Auction in Chapel-en-le-Frith to raise money for park new play equip http://t.co/OSA2ytyW
"@buxtonfc1877: What a superb performance from The Might Bucks. Great day out. Roll on the replay Wednesday #fatrophy"
Rotherham Council. If as reported, then a disgraceful decision on so many levels
Supporting charity auction in Chapel-en-le-Frith tonight. Constituency stuff this afternoon. Well done to Buxton FC on draw at Grimsby
M1 = Car Park !
Nat. Youth Parliament sitting in HoC Chamber about to start.Chamber full of young people. Great to see. Good luck to Martyn Bonham from HP
Looking forward to welcoming HP student Martyn Bonham to Westminster as part of Youth Parliament sitting in HoC.
Meeting with EMAS driving home the point over their wrong proposals. Now waiting to speak on proposals to levy foreign wagons on UK roads
Glad MPs are to be given vote on prisoner votes. I will vote NO !
Thank you everyone who turned out to New Mills Town Hall last night for meeting on ambulance proposals. A good show of strength of feeling
Surgeries today. Edale + Bamford then over Snake Pass to Glossop for Autumn Fayre in aid of Rainbow Trust
Glad to see lots of people at New Mills public meeting on seriously flawed Ambulance proposals.
St.Philip Howard Sch presentation night. Well done to all speech by ex pupil now at R5L Katy Jones truly inspirational !
@McfcLippy sorry for confusion but totally disagree with her being there. Should be here for constituents wherever possible is my view
Just finished an hours football to promote the Wellfit Gamesley project. Would encourage others to give it a try. Excellent fun and healthy
@garethgwilson please drop me an email. Not enough room in twitter to explain
@jonathanhaggart apologies. Trying to locate your email now. Resent if possible
@chikkybeevs yes please
@bigbearking12 was not able to vote due to constituency engagement
@McfcLippy definitely do not support Nadine. She should not be there
Delighted that hard work has paid off.  DVLA contract has gone to The Post Office! Great news for High Peak and rural Post Offices
Great new initiative launched in Glossop tonight. Community Companions. Proud to be able to be there to speak + encourage. Check out website
@THEJamesWhale probably right. Elected for trial, rejected by public. Can't say I blame them either
I Ant + Dec as the returning officer hereby declares the result........Nadine Dorries is hereby elected
Vote Conservative tonight. People of Mid Bedfordshire unite ! #imacelebrity
I wonder if the war memorial and the Remembrance service at Brandside above Buxton is the highest in England or even GB ?
Remembrance day. I'm laying wreathes in New Mills + Brandside and reps laying for me in Buxton, Glossop, Hadfield, Chapel. Also in Buxton pm
Off selling Poppies in Whaley Bridge. Stop me and buy one
Quizmastering at Blythe House fundraising quiz.
Sunday Express covered EMAS fight. Meeting EMAS later this month. Keeping pressure on. Proposals nonsensical
Frustrated being in Westminster instead of ambulance mug. Sir caseworker attended for me. Will be at the New Mills meeting though
About to listen to Dave Fishwick from Ch4 programme Bank of Dave talk about community banking. Pomises to be very interesting
@jessicafinch just spotted misprint. Taj Mahal. Sorry for any confusion
@snowballreed thank you
Poppy selling in glossop Tesco s
Burbage and Harpur Hill surgeries this morning. Then selling Poppy's in Glossop this afternoon
Fascinating visit to Bradburys Cheese. Employing lots of local people and supplying huge amounts of cheese across the country
Chaired a meeting about Mottram Tintwistle bypass this morning. Discussions about moving forward and next steps.
Sleety snow over Tideswell Moor late last night. Are you listening EMAS ?
Now debating Air Passenger Duty
Good debate on beer escalator earlier. Supported the motion + spoke in support of local High Peak breweries
@Niconner thank you
@jessicafinch Tan mahal in Buxton
@GuidoFawkes thank you
Thank you
@GuidoFawkes apart from a good morning in PCH
@GuidoFawkes I said I hadn't spoken to him today apart from a good morning.
@GuidoFawkes the PM did not swear at me at all. I was part of a small group chatting. The conversation was entirely cordial
@GuidoFawkes I was at reception and the PM did NOT raise his voice to me at all and I did not hear it raised to anyone else either
Contrary to reports circulating. The PM has NOT spoken to me at all today apart from a passing good morning in PCH !
@GuidoFawkes I'm sorry. I haven't spoken to the PM today at all. This story is completely untrue. Pls RT
"@GuidoFawkes: Small story tweak coming up. Andrew Bingham not Andrew Bridgen got the hair drier treatment from Dave. This is incorrect! !
@GuidoFawkes No I didn't. Sorry you're wrong
George Wharmby Jnr from Glossop wins music prize at Rock the House awards in House of Commons!
Trying to type with 9 fingers trickier than a thought. Writing also awkward. Off to mtg on Ovarian cancer rep v brave constituent Eilish
Today including a trip to A+E following an accident at work. 5 stitches in finger but still signed amendment calling for cut in EU budget
Contrary to reports in papers. I did NOT table a question on horseshoes. Admin error in Table Office incorrectly attributed PQ to me.
@QueenAJ didn't delete a tweet but happy to send you the reasoning. Twitter doesn't give enough space. Pls send me ur contact details. Thx
Visiting constituents today to discuss issues. Then quick food shop. Thx last night to Buxton Young Farmers. Hope speech was ok for you
Back from South. Quick change then out, speaking in Buxton tonight.
http://t.co/tfuMMGZ8. Check it out. Really interesting
Fascinating look at sustainable homes technology this morning. A house that can be heated for £50 a year !!! Remarkable
@PACKHORSEINN Yes. Just waiting to see the wording of the motion but am likely to add my name to it too
@BuxtonBrewery yes. Just waiting to see the wording of the motion but am likely to put my name to it too.
In debate on badger cull. There's a meeting on Equitable Life at 1.30pm. Need to be in two places at once
Levying foreign haulage contractors using our roads. Quite right too. Pleased to speak in support of High Peak hauliers
Houses of Parliament are deserted. Like the Marie Celeste. Its a wet autumn night in London
Busy day. Surgeries, speaking to shoppers in Glossop now at Fair trade Music afternoon in New Mills
Just been interviewed by Granada Reports and North West Tonight on ridiculous proposals on High Peak Ambulance stations.
Contd. Never saw the MP attend a Council meeting in all my 12yrs on Council. When I do go, Opposition try to spin it into a bad thing. Sad
Lab Cllr in paper says I didn't speak at a council meeting. True, but she doesn't say that as I am not a Cllr I am not permitted to.
Meeting with Office of Fair Trading to discuss fuel prices this morning. Important !
New proposals for High Peak constituency boundary very sensible. Tideswell + Bradwell now back in as they used to be. Hathersage + Eyam too
Here we are again. Back in Westminster. Paperwork catch up first job. New hours to get used to (which I opposed!)
Simon Spencer. Conservative Candidate for Derbys Police Commissioner is in Buxton this morning. Stop by and say hello
Stockport Town Hall to Glossop resident Joshua Southall presented with Whitworth Prize at Stockport college awards and prize giving
Detailed discussion with local CAMRA branch on benefits of local pubs and real ale. Membership form to complete !
EMAS grilled by Cllrs. They still haven't got the answers and proposals are wrong. Now to meeting of HP branch of CAMRA discuss rural pubs
After questioning by Councillors EMAS still cannot provide the assurances and answers
Tactical Deployment points being referred to by EMAS. Look like portakabins to me !! Not good enough EMAS. High Peak needs a hub. End of !!
EMAS presenting to select ctte of HPBC - they don't have the answers - proposals still ridiculous to me and they haven't any decent evidence
At meeting of Council committee to listen to proposals for Buxton ambulance provision - proposals I am opposed to !
Leaving Glossopdale School after giving a talk on Parliamentary life to post 16 students. Now for paperwork catch up
Good visit to local business today. Pleased to hear good news story from Vinyl Compounds who are investing and creating jobs in High Peak
Reading for Glossop Talking newspapers this morning
Excellent seminar on help for High Peak companies looking to export just finished. Lots of HP businesses present
Just called for red diesel availability for Mountain Rescue Teams in House of Commons debate #mountainrescue
1 more speech on Health then its general issues so could be called anytime from about 3pm to speak about Mountain Rescue
@joffswag pls email me your add Am happy to reply to this Q and your previous comment. (Twitter too restrictive in number of characters) Thx
On the Order Paper today calling for Mountain Rescue to be allowed to use red diesel. Hope that it gets to me before close
Or even congrats !!
Fantastically well done Derbyshire CCC. Great season. Concerts to all concerned
Congratulations to all at Derbyshire CCC. for winning promotion to Division 1.
Managed to speak in fuel debate but had to rip planned speech up due to time limit. Hope I made the point to the Minister
At last! Phone working again after 5 days ! Down to speak in this afternoons debate about fuel prices
Busy constituency day today. Got the weather for it too
Delighted to see that the OFT are looking into fuel prices. Govt has done a lot to keep price down but some of us have been calling for this
London was as warm and sticky as ever this morning. Already missing the clear country air of the High Peak!
Out volunteering with Peak Park today and Scouts and other volunteers
Having a day helping out with Glossop Community Transport today as part of my 2nd volunteering week.
Day 1 of 2nd volunteering week. Buxton Vol. Centre first, then Youth Hostel at Losehill Hall, Castleton
@matthancockmp well done Matt
At last blackberry repaired. Can access twitter. BBM, SMS etc again
@BuxtonEvent @HighPeakAndrew unfortunately am at a wedding that weekend. Happy to give raffle/auction prize though. Please drop me email
@tracey_crouch hope they've had their jabs !!
Bolt of lightning. So impressive to see. Even on the television its a tremendous sight
BRILLIANT ! Andy Murray !!!!! Will stand him in great stead for future Grand Slams
Mint from Murray !!!!!
Here we go again ( I hope) ! Gold for Ben and Murray in a hurry !!
What a moment. Jessica Ennis - gold medal !
darn it ! But 3 golds. What a night
3 gold medals but surely we can't win a penalty shoot out too !!
Ennis, Rutherford, Farah tonight..... GREAT Britain, GREAT Britons !!
Go Mo Go !!!!!!
Fantastic Jessica Ennis !!!! Not quite a constituent but she has family in High Peak. Everyone is sooo proud of you Jessica.
Japan v Egypt at Old Trafford. Top of the North stand. http://t.co/YLk06K5h
Gutted to see all empty seats at tennis. I tried and failed and kept checking regularly for months but was always 'sold out'.
@Aggerscricket  MP's cricket team playing Emmerdale XI today in aid of Help for Heroes at Kirkburton CC. 2pm start. Cud u pls RT Aggers. Thx
Raising money for Help for Heroes today
@Christhemobe neither did this non stuffy tory type. I suspect Johnny Rotten didn't either.
Going to bed with a warm glow. Wish I had some union jack pyjamas to wear !
Don't care what anyone else may say be they colleague or critic. I thought ceremony was tremendous. Watch and wonder world. GREAT Britain !
No Oasis?
Crikey who'd have thought when the pistols brought pretty vacant out in the 70s it would feature in an olympic opening ceremony
Chariots of fire !!!!!!! YESsSsssss. My tweet answered.
Please let's see Chariots of Fire theme used somewhere Mr. Boyle
"TUBULAR BELLS" !!
"@SallyBercow: Hahahaha!!! This is ace :)"never thought I'd retweet Mrs. B but she right on this one
Watch in awe world !!!
Settling down at home to watch Olympic opening. Go London go ! Let's show the world what Britain can do !!!
Really disappointed that Buxton missed out on Portas Pilot bid but will be speaking to Minister when House returns.
In Matlock meeting with Digital Derbyshire + DCC discussing faster broadband for High Peak and Derbyshire
"@SkyNews: Historic Tour De France Victory For Wiggins http://t.co/y3W1xrEq" remember Bradley lived in High Peak for a while
Good luck to former High Peak resident Bradley Wiggins today as he looks to cement Tour de France victory
Heading to unveil Granby Road Park Archway in Fairfield
Birch Vale Cricket Club Quiz night tonight. Plaque unveiled at Buxton Station this afternoon - station looks great, a good welcome to HP
Just about to speak at launch of parenting classes in High Peak as one of three pilot areas
In the words of Simon + Garfunkel. I'm sitting at a railway station, gotta ticket to my destination mm mm. Heading north to High Peak.
In chamber for rail announcement. Hope Valley line to benefit
Just visited Fairfield Endowed School Trust they give grants to local young people. RT if your from Fairfield. Email me for more details
Interested to see me described in today's Independent as a 'serial rebel'. Not sure I am but I do follow my instincts when they're strong
Now at Buxworth Olympics - tempted by burgers and hot dogs - olympian appetite !!
Surgeries in Hadfield + Charlesworth this morning, then Buxworth (Bugsworth) Olympics - weather actually looking reasonable !!!
Long drive north starts here. Raining hard
Very disappointed that colleagues have voted for shorter sitting hours. I opposed them.
No party political axe - Dennis Skinner voted the same way
Not against Lords reform but the proposals were flawed so couldn't support them
Meeting with High Peak dairy farmers this afternoon to discuss milk prices.
XX,HighPeakAndrew,Andrew Bingham MP,561,46,3
