@JeremyBrowneMP
@WSUCougars @sandydavis28 Is this a team of older women who date younger men?
@SeanWHughes Thanks.
@DVATW I don't really understand your tweet, but we're doing very well, thank you. We've won the last two General Elections here.
At the Taunton Deane Liberal Democrats AGM.
@guylavis More than 1 in 115?
@Kav_Kaushik She's good.
@Kav_Kaushik No, no, it plays perfectly to UKIP's narrative.
@Kav_Kaushik She shouldn't resign. She is an authentic voice for Ed Miliband's Labour. I don't like Twitter mob justice. She should stay.
@stevegaines If that's so why has Emily Thornberry resigned?
@Paul_Burgin @HouseofTwits You misunderstand Labour's motives. They want people to stay poor and vulnerable so they keep voting Labour.
Why does anyone vote Labour? They publicly loathe the aspirational middle class and privately have contempt for the patriotic working class.
@dannyforman I like Doom and Gloom!! Surprisingly good.
@ReachEd @libdemvoice I have. I have!
None of the BBC Sports stories - Ched Evans, Malky Mackay, Qatar 2022 - are actually about people playing sport!
@RossforTaunton In about 1994 at Wembley with my Dad (old Wembley!) and in 2012 at the O2 with Rachel.
Listening to 'Tattoo You' - the last great Stones album.
@EmilyThornberry Um. Translation: "aren't people from Kent laughably thick?". Darling, you should see their flags!!!
@asabenn I'd be careful with this "let's laugh at how thick UKIP voters are" theme. That's why the mainstream politicians are struggling.
@tombradby Yeah, yeah. Furious!! Peeling him off the ceiling!!! Yeah, yeah, yeah. After he'd had it explained to him what the problem was.
@stephentall I think you know. My views are on page 15 of my 'Why vote Lib Dem' book.
Emily Thornberry shouldn't feel coerced into apologising. She should be able to express her views on non-Islington people. #freespeech
@_tommylong The problem wasn't to do with her attitude towards the flags on the house; it was her attitude towards the residents in it.
@_tommylong The only plausible explanation is that she's a UKIP secret agent. Is she also covertly advising Lincolnshire Ofsted?
@stephentall That shows you are a consistent and genuine liberal (which is the opposite of coercive conformist 'progressive' uniformity).
@tshirtdaveH I don't think there should be a 'Mansion Tax' levied on them either.
Last Lab Govt promised 40p top tax rate then raised it to 50p. Next Lab Govt could easily reduce the Mansion Tax threshold from £2m to £1m.
@tshirtdaveH I've never said they were poor, but I still think their freehold property rights should be respected.
@StigAbell Women fighting in hand-to-hand infantry combat on the front line.
Don't be too glib about fighting to the death @StigAbell. I've never been in that terrifying position but you've got no idea either.
Oh dear, Pussy Riot have gone down in my estimation. Not an equivalence between Putin's Russia and Western democratic liberalism.
Well said @StigAbell on the State not nationalising parenthood and personal relationships. Hectoring all-intrusive Government best avoided.
@ExCllrPete @HouseofTwits I'm not claiming the Lib Dem's circumstances are great. But Con/Lab are pathetic and deserve to lose to UKIP.
@SaileshPyPatel I think we should stand unambiguously for an authentic liberalism.
The Conservative and Labour's UKIP-lite campaigns in R&S are contemptible. They deserve to lose because they stand for nothing.
Nice of England to play Scotland.
@IsabelHardman The Conservatives believe they are also unsuited to serving in our national parliament.
@LibDems @JasperGerardLD Nice photo in the ward I live in (which the Lib Dems won in this election as we made net gains in Taunton Deane).
The Tories want extra house building, more "affordable homes" and put up stamp duty - they could work with UKIP to get house prices down!
@Swissss That is (at least in theory) a charge for local council services and is collected and spent by your local council.
@mrdavidwhitley Well, I suppose that makes you open to the charge of self-interest! The Tories claim that voting UKIP will cut house prices!
@woodo79 @PrimlyStable You can have 10 homes worth £1.9m each - in any number of constituencies - and you won't pay any 'Mansion Tax'.
@mrdavidwhitley How much is your house worth?
@mrdavidwhitley About £400,000.
@PrimlyStable It's worth about £400,000.
@u38cg You could have bought the house for £3m and it's fallen in value to £2.5m and you'd still pay.
David Cameron and George Osborne are arguing that people shouldn't vote for Mark Reckless because he went to Oxford University!
A 'Mansion Tax' undermines the concept of freehold and - albeit over 100 years - confiscates an individual's private possession.
My problem with the 'Mansion Tax' is that I don't believe in the incremental confiscation by the State of people's private property.
A rare flowering of enlightened liberalism by @matthewsyed in today's Times arguing for due process and rehabilitation over mob justice.
Excellent night at Taunton Round Table dinner with 480 in attendance raising funds for Taunton Association for the Homeless.
Just had an entertaining and enjoyable lunchtime discussion with the Richard Huish College politics society.
Visiting Creech St Michael primary school.
Just finished talking at a Somerset Chambers of Commerce business breakfast at St Margaret's Hospice in Bishops Hull.
@_tommylong I'm picturing a small bar run by Shed7 fans.
Who are these 13pc who say that Ed Miliband is "ready to be PM"?! Most Labour MPs don't think that.
Last year I said Ed Miliband is not a plausible PM and was censured for undermining the LD equidistance stance. Now it's an accepted truth.
@rafaelbehr It's now worse. It's: we agree with UKIP, if you disagree with both them and us, vote tactically for us in order to stop them.
Nice reflective piece on commemoration by @DavidGarmston on Points West.
@LibDemPress Philip Hollobone's not on the list. Nor is Adam Holloway. Who know's where lightening will strike next?!
@LibDemPress Fascinating John Baron fact: he went to the same school as Sir Nick Harvey (in Taunton).
@LibDemPress John Baron seems a good bet but I'm not certain the next defector is on that list (it would be cute for him/her not to be).
About to be on the Daily Politics on BBC TV talking about airport expansion.
1100am today. http://t.co/Dis9cwgWkz
@NickBolesMP Be careful that your zeal for greater "control" over people's lives doesn't compromise your impeccable liberal credentials!
Delighted the PM is briefing the CBI on UK infrastructure upgrades. Essential to get Britain moving and ensure we are globally competitive.
@charlottejones0 To be a Superhoop is to have achieved a higher sense of existence and purpose.
I am proud to wear a poppy but James McClean is perfectly entitled not to. It's not about football marketing or PR; it's a personal tribute.
Janice Turner's profile of @GeorgeOsborne in today's Times is extremely good.
At the Devon and Somerset Law Society dinner at Somerset County Cricket Club. Speaking after dinner.
Just been meeting with inspirational head teacher Heather Cunningham at St James' primary school in Taunton.
At the special commemorative service at the Lawns Club held by the Taunton branch of the Royal British Legion.
@matthewsyed Which Liberal Democrat MPs have been "demonising" immigrants? Tory and Labour MPs have genuflected to UKIP. Not Lib Dems.
@lordbonkers I accept that my accent sounds posh to some people, but that's how I speak. Why should I adopt a fake mockney accent?
@lordbonkers Well, crime went down, necessary savings were made, the drugs review leg-work was done, new stalking and ASB laws introduced...
@IainDale @JennyWillott Maybe, without being sexist at all, Nick Clegg thinks the 8 LD MPs who most merit cabinet posts happen to be men.
Settled down to watch the football only to find that Liverpool have given up before the kick-off.
@georgeeaton @PCollinsTimes The d'Hondt PR system after Victor d'Hondt.
@charlottejones0 @chazaustin9 It's not just his goals, I like his QPRness! Solid win for the Gunners!
Has there ever been a cooler striker than @chazaustin9 - already a superhoop folk hero?
@chazaustin9 has scored as many goals this season as Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie put together. #hoopdreams
Next month the days start getting longer.
@Privateallergy @GABaines That was then. As I said, I get zero pay-off.
@Privateallergy @GABaines I don't get any pay-off.
@poumista @allanholloway But there's not a generous spirited, less sour, less embittered, less cliched, lighter touch liberal alternative!
'The News Quiz' makes the mistake of thinking that being lumpishly left-wing is the same as being funny.
Just opened the impressive Camelot Lodge resident accommodation between Taunton and Wellington. http://t.co/mZDGjYT6Hv
Judging my 2014 Christmas card competition for primary school children from across Taunton Deane.
Meeting with representatives of the West Somerset steam railway at Bishops Lydeard station.
Not only do I know what the panel members will say, I also know what many members of the audience will say! Nice to see #bbcqt in Taunton.
Harriet Harman's embarrassing T-shirt wearing gesture politics confirms how stupid Labour were not to elect Alan Johnson as deputy leader.
I disagree with @AndrewGeorgeLD that there should be a LibDem-Green General Election pact. The Greens are not a liberal party.
@manou44 @GuidoFawkes I don't believe in the House of Lords and wouldn't wish to be a member.
The Prime Minister just told me that he was sorry I'm standing down. First party leader to say that to me since I announced it. Appreciated.
Nicky Morgan voted against gay marriage because of the letters she received but wishes she had received more letters saying the opposite.
@montie It's your electoral system Tim!
@Iain_33 Wait a sec!! Stan Bowles, Clive Allen, Simon Stainrod, Gary Bannister, Les Ferdinand ......
Charlie Austin is a bit of an old-school QPR striker: a hint of a swagger, good looking, London confidence, touch of flair, lethal marksman.
Charlie Austin!!!
@Kevin_Maguire Lund is nice.
@chrisshipitv This ritual of politicians saying what they think and then apologising for it helps to explain decline of mainstream politics.
@SophyRidgeSky Maybe we should get some people who model clothes to worry about our massive budget deficit and threats to national security.
I like the HS3 concept so much I am probably even more enthusiastic about it than the HS2 concept (which I also like).
The day after our troops leave Afghanistan after 13 years and 453 casualties our political debate is about the PM and a promotional T-shirt.
At the Brewhouse theatre in Taunton for a St Margaret's Hospice fundraising concert.
@LouiseMensch I've never said that!
@jameschappers It should be.
@justbeinganicon @scottamylola My concern is that it undermines the concept that a freehold private property is owned by the individual.
Now enjoying 'Between the Buttons': underrated Rolling Stones album. Last one of theirs that is really grounded in swinging sixties London.
@SamFawcett92 It's good, but maybe a little Pink Floyd for my taste. I like the more relaxed country tracks.
@JamesPress68 The Tories and Labour campaigned for higher student fees in 2010. They finished first and second. Fair play. That's democracy.
Neil Young's 1972 album 'Harvest' is 37.27 minutes of sustained brilliance (especially the title track) ideal for a Friday evening.
@WildTimothy No, I've always been a fair-minded EU pragmatist.
If Britain doesn't give the EU an extra £1.7 billion the money saved will be greater than would be raised by a 'Mansion Tax'.
This EU demand for an extra £1,7 billion is beyond surreal. It's more than the total annual Foreign Office budget.
Now at Temple Methodist Church in Taunton for the graduation ceremony of students from Somerset College.
Just done an interview up in Wiveliscombe with the excellent community station 10 Radio (@10RadioCIC).
@montie There are some fabulous paintings by him in the Presidential palace in Bogota (but not this one)!
Speaking tonight at a @WeAreBrightBlue dinner in London on 'The future of liberalism'.
Speaking in a House of Commons debate on responding to the flooding threat in Somerset and protecting the natural environment.
@PaulAplinOnTax Thank you Paul!
In his FT column today @JananGanesh has perfectly encapsulated my political and economic viewpoint (so I think it's excellent!).
This is the neat description of the lamentable current Conservative position: 'UKIP are right. Don't vote for them' (credit: Alex Massie).
@Kav_Kaushik "All this time ....." - the actual McManus on the ballot paper wrote a good Jo Grimmond biography (which may not help him!).
Just welcomed students from @tauntonacademy to the Houses of Parliament.
Visiting Priorswood primary school in Taunton.
Speaking at a Taunton School networking breakfast meeting for local businesses, organisations and charities.
I have decided not to stand as a candidate at the 2015 General Election. Resignation letter to local party attached. http://t.co/rYfpa3XVIO
@WildTimothy Maybe it wasn't a blunder. Maybe it was just revealingly honest.
Emily Thornbury on Newsnight at risk of being uncovered as a secret recruitment agent for UKIP.
Visiting two Taunton Deane primary schools today - West Monkton and Parkfield.
Malala is an inspirational icon for female equality and emancipation and a very deserving Nobel Prize winner.
Speaking at an Institute of Directors dinner in Glasgow.
At South West Liberal Democrats reception.
@HulbertMathew Try reading a chapter or two.
Attending a church service to celebrate the 40th anniversary of Bishop Henderson primary school in Taunton.
Maybe the Tories think they can't win outright and will blame their coalition partner for their fanciful promises not being implemented.
I favour a dynamic, low-tax economy but I fear the Conservatives are promising more spending and lower taxes as if the deficit didn't exist.
UKIP have some clever positioning and are unsettling mainstream politicians but they have got cocky and over-reached themselves today.
Enjoyed looking around Trull primary school and seeing their impressive new classroom block.
@charlottejones0 And presumably the Conservatives think it's "a disgrace" if French and Italian people buy British cheddar!
Why do the Conservatives think it's "a disgrace" that we import French cheese from France and Italian cheese from Italy?!
My new book - 'Why vote Liberal Democrat' - has been published. The unambiguous case for modern liberalism. http://t.co/y5pr2Hst79
Visiting North Town primary school in Taunton.
Visiting Holy Trinity primary school in Taunton.
Why Labour’s Mansion Tax shows that it has lost touch with financial reality - via @Telegraph http://t.co/rQ6XPJZBFP
Speaking at the Rotary Club of Taunton Vale dinner at Somerset County Cricket Club.
Attending the Battle of Britain anniversary service of thanksgiving at St Peter's Church in North Taunton.
Visiting Bishops Lydeard primary school.
Despite putting on a brave face my pre-match prediction was a 5-0 Man Utd win. That's looking like a best-case scenario now. Come on you Rs.
Man Utd may have a team of global superstars but they don't have Clint Hill. Expecting a QPR win against a team below us in the league.
Listening to Astral Weeks.
Meeting with Environment Secretary Liz Truss to keep up the momentum on tackling flooding threat on the Somerset Levels.
@politicsftwin The date for the referendum has been known for a long time.
@KulganofCrydee Oh, so it's not "cancelled"?! Why can't the leaders go to Scotland today or on Thursday?
Have the executive just decided unilaterally that the elected legislature will not be able to hold them to account?
@InTheMixProject @Wiveliscombe1 I enjoyed seeing you all. The whole event was a great success.
@celticrumours Every election is an opportunity to think little or think big; to look inwards or look outwards.
@celticrumours It can be a small and peripheral country alone; but not an influential force shaping a more prosperous and peaceful world.
@celticrumours Being an outward-looking, global, self-confident country rather than being insular, defensive, parochial and nationalistic.
I'll say it again: the Scottish 'No' campaign needs to make a positive and optimistic case rather than frightening and lecturing people.
At the opening of the fantastic enhanced  hockey facilities at Taunton Vale Sports Club. Olympic standard.
Enjoyed Wellington Food Fair this afternoon. It's got bigger and better every year.
25 years ago today I arrived home after an amazing seven month journey to ten countries I'd never been to before. Still fresh memories.
Depressed by Sir Howard Davies on airport: if you ask a person without imagination to make a decision you don't get an imaginative decision.
The Scottish 'No' campaign needs an optimistic, positive, ambitious conclusion rather than relying on the fears of cautious older voters.
My Liberal Democrat colleague @PaulBurstow on @BBCNewsnight is very impressive on vital and neglected issue of decent care for the elderly.
Iraq/Syria terrorism unchallenged; airport dithering and absence of vision; drift on Scottish 'No' campaign: decisive leadership needed.
Britain and the West need a foreign policy to counter savage terrorism. "We don't have a strategy" is not good enough from Obama.
Speaking at London business lunch: 'What the Liberal Democrats should be doing to attract more widespread support in 2015'.
'I love my family, I'm saying 'No thanks''!! What does that even mean?! Don't 'Yes' voters in Scotland also love their families?!
The treatment of Ashya King's family is a warning of what happens when the State becomes the master of the people rather than their servant.
Oh dear, London airport process symptomatic of British malaise: slow, unimaginative, timid, can't-do and overseen by a faceless technocrat.
I'm on the Daily Politics show on BBC2 at 12 midday.
Just been interviewed on Taunton community radio station @TauntonsToneFM
I admire Frank Maloney's bravery and honesty.
A nice afternoon having coffee and cake and admiring the exhibits at Bishops Hull flower show.
Enjoyed doing Taunton Parkrun this morning. Over 200 runners, sunny day, gentle 5k. Ideal start to the weekend.
@DaveMorgan25 @CllrIainRoberts @cllrilindley Because saw article about Tory appointments that made my case. My observations are universal!
@DaveMorgan25 @CllrIainRoberts @cllrilindley I don't support the House of Lords. I'm a democrat. I'm in parliament because I was elected.
Was going to be on Radio 4 WATO arguing against House of Lords appointments but cancelled because they couldn't find anyone to defend them!
@KulganofCrydee @HulbertMathew That's not my decision. I certainly don't think any more peers should be appointed, from any party.
@brighton_alan I haven't put anyone in the House of Lords. I don't believe in the House of Lords. I'm a democrat.
@timrollpickerin I don't think politicians who have lost elections to parliament should be blithely appointed instead.
@HulbertMathew I don't believe in the House of Lords. I believe parliament should be elected by the people, not appointed by party leaders.
Tories tipped for peerages are the PM's opinion pollster, a politician who just lost an election and a massive Tory donor. It's outrageous.
Knowing the difference between right and wrong is not a "fundamental British value". Can we have hard-edged policy instead of this waffle?
As are Will Carling, Sarah Beeny, Dicky Bird, Ronnie Corbett and, wait for it ..... Mehdi Hasan!! Triumph for the SNP secret ops team.
Eddie Izzard is telling Scots to vote against independence! That should do it. Who can doubt his magic touch after the 'Yes to AV' campaign?
Visiting major Taunton employer WPA.
Too many people are being appointed to the House of Lords. My preferred number would be 0.
The 'One North' report is a good example of the big thinking Britain needs to be more prosperous and globally competitive.
Attending the civic service at Mary Magdalene, Taunton to mark the centenary of the start of the First World War. 10,939 from Somerset died.
Great to see thousands of people flocking through the gates at Taunton Flower Show.
This afternoon on my village tour I'm in Holywell Lake 1215, Sampford Arundel 1245, West Buckland 1330, Bradford on Tone 1430 and Oake 1515.
This morning I'm in Waterrow 0930, Wiveliscombe 1000, Langley Marsh 1100 and Langford Budville 1130.
Enjoyed speaking this evening at the Taunton Rotary Club dinner held at Taunton Racecourse.
My Taunton Deane summer village tour continues: Cotford St Luke 1200, Halse 1300, Fitzhead 1330 and Milverton 1400.
I'm starting today in West Monkton 0900, Kingston St Mary 0930, Bishops Lydeard 1015, West Bagborough 1100 and Lydeard St Lawrence 1130.
This afternoon in Stoke St Mary 1315, Corfe 1400, Pitminster 1430, Blagdon Hill 1500, Churchinford 1530 and Bishopswood 1600.
This morning in Burrowbridge 0900, Stoke St Gregory 0930, North Curry 1015, Creech St Michael 1100, Ruishton  1145 and Hatch Beauchamp 1230.
@pure_Funtasy I was talking with Craig on the boundary. He is a loss to the team. But he was in good spirits.
Only got here late but having a great evening watching Somerset winning the T20 at the County Ground.
Presenting awards at Somerset College to young people who have been involved with the excellent National Citizen Service.
Visiting the UK Hydrographic Office in Taunton (the world's leading producer of navigational charts).
Meeting with the new Chairman at Musgrove Park to discuss the future plans for the hospital.
@cmichaels97 @doxydejour I'm afraid no country can live way beyond its means forever. Even Labour now support clearing up Labour's mess.
@RIMooreHistory @gregjudge It's tough across Europe, but we have much lower unemployment and higher growth. That helps millions of Britons.
Okay, okay, not EVERYTHING else. But credit where it's due. The Lib Dem record: dramatic economic growth, falling unemployment, lower crime.
The Liberal Democrats are governing the country with the highest economic growth in the G7. That's a fact; everything else is opinion.
@stephentall @rafaelbehr When I visited Iowa no-one seemed as excited as me to be in the first state to vote in the Presidential race!
@JohnRentoul @GuidoFawkes Helpful just in case anyone made the mistake of thinking that the Conservatives believe in small government.
@WhiteWednesday I'm pleased we didn't join the euro.
@doxydejour You voted for Lib Dems and got Lib Dems. Previously Lib Dem votes made no difference to the Government; last time they did.
Socialism in France: high unemployment, low growth, high taxes and still big public spending cuts. They voted for it; it's a warning for us.
I'm on the Daily Politics on BBC2 at midday talking about Russia and MH17 in advance of the Prime Minister's statement this afternoon.
Floodlights at Lords!! It's a gorgeous summer afternoon in Somerset. We obviously need to get some international cricket here in Taunton.
The Indian commentator on TMS is more gracious and generous than the ex-England co-commentators (especially Boycott).
@timfarron @ReachEd Disagree about having two categories of citizen: middle class free choice; others supplicants of an all-knowing state.
@timfarron @ReachEd I favour an enabling state, but I trust empowered people to make better decisions than the state about their own lives.
@ReachEd @timfarron Read Tim's speech too: enjoyed it; agreed with aspects. But nervous about big state solutions trumping personal freedom.
A lovely afternoon opening the new Taunton Deane beekeepers club house at Heatherton Park.
@CallingEngland @WhiteWednesday I agree. I went as a Government Minister on the 30th anniversary to commemorate the valour of our soldiers.
I loved visiting the Falklands in 2012. Beautiful photos: BBC News - Falklands residents' photos on show http://t.co/RzLrJ89n0Z
Visiting Ruishton primary school.
It's behind the paywall, but liberal reformers will find Philip Collins' column in today's Times worth reading.
Not been invited to Social Liberal Forum conference. Shame; would have enjoyed putting forward some genuinely radical social liberal ideas.
Now for the serious business: At the Oval .... T20 .... Somerset v Surrey.
Just joined up with cross-party group of Somerset, Devon and Cornwall MPs to launch new campaign for better South West train services.
The level of unemployment in Taunton Deane is 1.8%. That's less than a third of the national level. Very welcome news for Taunton Deane.
Unemployment in Taunton Deane has fallen again to 975. That's 510 lower than a year ago and 92 lower than a month ago.
Just welcomed about 50 pupils from Wellesley Park primary school in Wellington to the Houses of Parliament.
Sad too about Ian Swales in Redcar: I think he would have been re-elected in 2015.
Sad about Sarah Yong; don't know personal circumstances, but shouldn't underestimate how hard it is being a candidate in a marginal seat.
On Sky News now.
@janemerrick23 @PCollinsTimes @bmitchellwrites I don't know much about what Nicky Morgan believes in. Can you point me towards something?
Philip Hammond as Foreign Secretary. Seriously? Quibbling over micro detail of EU communiques: tick. A big global vision for Britain: errr.
What happened to David Cameron's 'liberal conservatism'? I suppose it was just a marketing gimmick. Like 'vote blue, go green'. Inauthentic.
I greatly admired William Hague as Foreign Secretary. Much respected internationally; also a calmly disciplined and professional politician.
I judge people by their individual qualities and not their collective categorisation so I have a liberal antipathy to all-women shortlists.
I agree with Martin Luther King that people should be judged by the content of their character; Munira Mirza persuasive on Sunday Politics.
The World Cup has never been won by a country with a woman leader: tonight's finalists have very different leaders - but they're both women.
At Bishops Lydeard flower show this afternoon - then a beautiful walk on the Quantocks.
@nicholaswatt  Temple.
@George_Osborne @IainDale Nick Clegg enjoyed his visit last year.
Will soon be on LBC radio (97.3fm) being interviewed - improbably for LBC - live from Somerset College in Taunton.
Many thanks to @Kit_Chapman for organising a great lunchtime meeting at the Castle Hotel today to discuss my book 'Race Plan'.
Attending a memorial service for my father in St Margaret's Church in Westminster.
@IsabelHardman Spam doesn't rhyme with Plan.
Germany came to bury Cesar, not to praise him. Ha! That is the most disorientating result I have ever seen. Remarkable.
This is probably the best performance I've seen from a team wearing the QPR away strip.
I wish this was on ITV so I could find out the Betfair odds on Brazil winning 6-5.
The Lib Dem Regional Growth Fund is pushing government funding out beyond the affluent London & South East to areas like Taunton Deane.
I'm on the Daily Politics on BBC2.
How unknown donors are bankrolling Tory candidates fighting marginal seats http://t.co/vPgMhktBQc
The Conservatives are selling jars of honey to their supporters for £15,000. Meanwhile, back in the real world.....
'Tennis with Cameron and Johnson' sells for £160,000 at Tory fundraiser http://t.co/KXGQhTpqsK
@Sean_Kemp Yes. I can see the pitfalls. But that is a 'What is the capital of France?' question. Easier to just answer.
@Nissemus Ha! I'm not sure Ed Balls would accept that description of him.
Why didn't George Osborne answer 'What's 7x8?' - not that tricky if you had them drilled into you at school.
Labour would be better off with Ed Balls as leader. And David Miliband. Even Andy Burnham. In fact everyone who stood except Diane Abbott.
All the Labour MPs tweeting about Dennis Skinner seem to be sad he's been voted off the NEC. Yet to hear from those who bundled him out.
Participating in a House of Commons debate about how best to address the flooding threat on the Somerset Levels.
Been speaking to a business audience in the City of London about the ideas in my book 'Race Plan'. Good discussion.
Tories too bombastic; Labour too opportunistic.
Regret that there is an all-Conservative front bench for an important foreign policy statement in a packed House of Commons chamber.
Impressive and dignified performance by Sir Graham Watson on Politics Show South West. Great servant to Lib Dems and South West of England.
Cameron was right to oppose Juncker. If the EU thinks Juncker is the answer to its problems it hasn't understood the question.
@GloriaDePieroMP @ruthoporter Me too, but nearly all their schooling was under a Labour government.
At the opening of the new pavilion at the very successful Taunton Athletic Club.
Excellent Matthew d'Ancona column in the Evening Standard on Juncker and the EU (especially the third paragraph): http://t.co/6BuawmO6cf
@ThisIsMathew The Peacock? I liked it when it was a proper pub rather than a student theme bar. But better that than permanent oblivion!
@JohnShipleyLtd The Olde Trip to Jerusalem?
@Stuart_King I did pop on to have a look at the Bell but it was a bit early for a pint!
I've left Nottingham. I feel a little bit sentimental about the city. When I am there I am forever 20 years old.
The Sir John Borlase Warren is still going strong but, tragically, it looks like The Peacock on Ilkeston Road has finally bitten the dust.
Discussing new opportunities for business investment in Somerset with the Executive Director of the China-Britain Business Council.
Beyond Beijing, Shanghai and Chongqing - China has 160+ cities with over a million population. Massive opportunities for British businesses.
Discussing business links between Nottingham & Ningbo, Liverpool & Shanghai, Sheffield & Chengdu and Manchester & Wuhan.
At Nottingham University making a speech at the UK-China Twinned Cities Conference 2014.
Farmers talk about farming; nurses about nursing; plumbers about plumbing; journalists about the media.
The volume of media coverage of the Coulson/Brooks verdicts bears no relationship to the degree of public interest in the subject.
@lordbonkers It's got lots of perceptive and intelligent observations!
Speaking at Orange Book conference on a liberal response to globalisation. #orangebook
At Orange Book conference in London listening to a typically intelligent and big picture speech by David Laws. #orangebook
@confoundingfact I want children to have the best education. I support the provider that delivers the best outcomes (at the same cost).
@b_l_u_e_e_y_e_s Yes. But the strangest position is to deny anyone that choice even if it can be shown that it would benefit the children.
I'm not in favour of profit-making schools where they are shown to be less good but I'm not against them where they are shown to be better.
@stephentall @TomPapworth I don't understand blanket ideological hostility to profit-making schools even if better outcomes for pupils.
I'm an enthusiast for George Osborne's HS3 economic development vision (see page 120 of my recent book 'Race Plan').
My book 'Race Plan' explores the same theme as this thought-provoking article: http://t.co/0eGyrQmLFe
@MaisonGladys @swilliamsmp You don't believe in authentic liberalism. But I think the Liberal Democrats definitely should.
Poor Iran. They worked so hard. I really wanted them to hold on. But class players make the difference in tight matches.
@JoshDixonTweets Read the article!
@MaisonGladys @swilliamsmp I wouldn't describe economically liberal ideas as "right wing".
This growing demand for authentic liberalism provides the most plausible prospectus for the revival of the Lib Dems. http://t.co/Tyj6UV2FYS
@cjsnowdon @GuidoFawkes Graphic demonstration for anyone willing to face reality of the necessity of managed deficit reduction.
In Taunton town centre for Somerfest. Beautiful sunshine and loads of different activities.
I was only observing that David Blunkett has been drearily critical of the Lib Dems but now seems to recognise our major role in government.
David Blunkett saying that a majority Tory govt would not be like the coalition. A positive acknowledge by him of the Lib Dem contribution.
Meeting with the Somerset police chief superintendent at Taunton police station to discuss police structures and how to keep crime falling.
Meeting with the Taunton area support group for people who have Parkinson's Disease.
“@MSmithsonPB: This is a remarkable demonstration of the quality of LD MPs http://t.co/5f7GdjcXj7”
This article suggests a bright long-term future for the Lib Dems if we are bold enough to be unambiguously liberal: http://t.co/7WHuG3Sl2X
@TauntonComedy The festival sounds great and I will see how my weekend pans out but I normally save Sunday evenings for family activity.
Read Janan Ganesh in today's FT: a perfect illustration of the virtue of robust, self-confident, relevant liberalism over flaccid centrism.
Britain's relations with Iran ebb and flow. I think the last two times we re-opened our embassy in Tehran my Dad did it.
House of Commons committee says more attention needs to be given to dredging rivers. The government needs to deliver on this commitment.
The continuing 'Schools Revolution' feature in today's Times is inspiring for liberal reformers and Rachel Sylvester's column is spot-on.
"What's the only thing as unlikely as the Tories delivering a fairer society? Labour delivering a stronger economy" Nick Clegg 2013 speech
@colingale @_tommylong That's been explicit ever since the slogan was devised.
@_tommylong It could be interpreted that way, but we actually say we're stronger than Labour and fairer than the Conservatives.
If Lib Dems not defined by other parties then our slogan should be 'Strong Economy, Fair Society' not 'Stronger Economy, Fairer Society'.
Been showing members of the Wellington Women's Institute around the Houses of Parliament.
My ambition for Lib Dems to be a reforming liberal force rather than split-the-difference centrists seems to be becoming more fashionable.
Li Keqiang setting out China's pitch in The Times is also an insight into the big issue of our time: globalisation and the rise of the East.
Fascinating insights in The Times ('Schools revolution') about the government's radical education reform programme.
Congratulations to President Santos for his re-election in Colombia: a big and positive force in Latin American politics.
Giving the address at the Taunton School international prize giving.
Strongly recommended reading for Lib Dems: this excellent article by Maajid Nawaz http://t.co/jRu007WCps
@MattDowney1342 There wasn't as much history then.
I wasn't there, sadly, but Somerset won in the T20 tonight by ..... one run!!
@Kav_Kaushik It's harder to remember recent things! Thank you!
@MattDowney1342 English, History and Economics.
@Kav_Kaushik This is very odd, but I can actually remember the dates of all eight of my A Level exams.
@MattDowney1342 I didn't finish mine until 30 June (in 1988!!).
Meeting with business representatives in Taunton to discuss ideas for creating more jobs and attracting new investment to Taunton Deane.
Holding a meeting at County Hall to see what more the County Council can do to reduce traffic congestion in Taunton.
@megan_dewar  I feel cheated. That was an Old Trafford penalty.
Brazil have been gifted this game. Their collection of Chelsea and QPR fringe players is disappointing. Little to fear in quarter-final.
The fall in youth unemployment in Taunton Deane has been even better - 36% (from 445 to 285 since 2010).
Unemployment in Taunton Deane has fallen by 453 since the 2010 General Election. From 1,520 to 1,067 (a 30% fall - more than national ave.).
Speaking at a big Reform conference at Microsoft's offices in London about improving efficiency and value-for-money in the public services.
On the eve of the World Cup Lib Dems should leave anchoring the centre ground to Steven Gerrard and focus instead on promoting liberalism.
Scottish nationalists seem much more motivated by hatred (particularly of the English) than optimism (even about Scottish independence).
@tedwards85 @alansm Why can't people smoke there? It seems an obvious place to smoke.
@PrueBray @julianhuppert Ha! Prue, thank you! I wondered about that as I tweeted it but unwisely proceeded!
As a Home Office minister I argued against the purchase and deployment of water cannons - jars with liberal British policing model.
Unemployment is lower than under Labour and continuing to fall as record numbers of new jobs are created.
http://t.co/SB2GZ5jR2O Allister Heath is a consistently thought-provoking columnist on economic liberalism.
I've only just caught up with Alfonso Thomas's heroics in Somerset's County Championship win. Top of the table now!
@Melv92 Yes.
At a book launch about the colossal British home effort to fight World War One ('Our Land at War' by Nick Bosanquet).
On Lib Dem future, pleased that, rather than anchoring politics in the centre ground, there's now an appetite for a more dynamic liberalism.
It is, sadly, pouring with rain for the first of the Wellington Park Sunday summer concerts - but the band plays on!
Admiring the classic cars at The Manor summer fair in Bishops Hull.
Beautiful afternoon at Blagdon Hill village fete.
Lovely evening at the County Ground for Somerset v Glamorgan in the T20.
@Sean_Kemp I call it The Freshers Fair Test: "Roll up, pay £10 here, help us to dilute some of Ed Miliband's ideas". How long's the queue?
@Sean_Kemp In a crowded market place political parties need an ideological USP beyond managerialism and moderation.
@Sean_Kemp Than 2.6%?
I keep being told the Lib Dems can't be authentically liberal rather than insipidly centrist because that would make the party unpopular.
Historic local business Fox Brothers in Wellington featuring on @bbcpointswest in a few minutes.
@DevilinFinance @WikiGuido Not being stuck in a Treaty of Rome, ever closer union, non-reformist, loftily elite, federalist mindset.
Britain is right to be resisting Jean-Claude Juncker as EU Commission President. Terrible choice. A forward-thinking reformer is needed.
In London today: Queen's Speech debate in the Commons and post-elections meeting for all Lib Dem MPs.
I am a big Jos Buttler fan - but he was warned.
@PaddyBriggs I think Britain's elected government (regardless of party) should determine British economic policy. Not really controversial.
@PhilFree2Tamper @gemini2359 I don't.
@RichardKelham @gemini2359 But we elect our governments and can remove them; nobody votes for the EU Commission.
@johnmcfadian Calm down John. I'm a liberal who believes in liberalism (there are books that explain about all these political ideas).
@stevealbury @GregHands My belief in democracy (demonstrated in this case) and liberalism make the Liberal Democrats a natural fit.
By John Harris (best Guardian columnist) on problems with inauthenticity in modern politics: http://t.co/YcUATrSe6X
Why does the European Commission think it's its role to tell Britain how to run its economy?
@JananGanesh That's the received wisdom, but having the right answers to the big questions, expressed with clarity, always good in politics.
@JananGanesh It's an excellent theme - the obvious need is for a confident, authentic liberal party to fill Britain's political void.
CH: "If voters think the reason for Lib Dems is just to dilute the Tories or Labour, they will vote for the big party they least dislike."
Chris Huhne in today's Guardian: "Clegg should ditch the centrist fallacy that people want a colourless mush."
@MaajidLibDem @MattDowney1342 @LeftFootFwd Strongly agree that we need a clear liberal 'brand' identity which excites potential new voters.
@Wilkesy93 In a crowded and volatile political market my view is that clarity, purpose and authenticity are at a premium.
Just read Andrew Rawnsley's column saying the problem with the Lib Dems being unambiguous liberal is it would make the party unpopular.
@ShippersUnbound It's in his (electorally secure) constituency!
Drinking in Sheffield.
I don't like the new QPR home strip. It should be 3 blue hoops and 3 white hoops.
Graham Watson losing in the South West is a serious blow and a sad loss.
@Joey7Barton Amazing!! Good luck on Question Time on Thursday. I'd have enjoyed being on a week later with you!
Stuck on Wembley Way. Bobby Zamora!!!!
Hoop dreams!
Making my way to Wembley to see the Superhoops. Charlie Austin carries the burden of my hopes on his shoulders. Come on you Rs!!
@_tommylong @Kav_Kaushik This is fantastic. The result of huge amounts of focused endeavour. It's inspiring.
@lordbonkers Or a liberal, reformist speech - but not made by a member of the liberal, reformist party?
@clarejfraser @andrewhaldenby Interesting article. It was a bold and transformational speech by the Home Secretary.
Malcolm Bruce is doing a great job for the Lib Dems on the media this morning: steady, measured, sensible, persuasive.
Labour's position: they have the answer to voter alienation outside the M25. And it's ..... Ed Miliband!
@iswales Well done!!
Understanding UKIP lesson 1: Many people don't like groupthink, even if they agree with the group (potentially reassuringly liberal!!).
@jwatkinsonxxx @bbcquestiontime Improve.
@SophyRidgeSky We'll see - in Taunton Deane last year we made gains and had our best county council result for over a decade.
That's all folks! Heading home to Taunton. May stay up for some election coverage.
I'm on Question Time.
Excellent win (between the downpours) for Somerset in the County Championship (with added bonus of a Trescothick century).
Telephone knocking-up for Lib Dem Graham Watson in Taunton Deane.
Vote today - for the Liberal Democrat list in the South West (lead candidate: Graham Watson). Voting until 10.00pm.
I'm visiting Relyon in Wellington this morning.
"Well, he is doing a good job as leader of the council, Jim is, and I think that is the case" - it's just wonderful. Happy days!
@faithfolder Give it a go!
The Ed Miliband BBC Wiltshire interview and the UKIP diversity carnival are both priceless. The Thick Of It comes to life.
@frost_to That is the challenge for the Lib Dems ....
Matt Ridley's column in today's Times is on to something: "...people coming out of university are strikingly liberal...".
Taunton Deane has benefited from a blizzard of Graham Watson (Lib Dem Euro-MP, South West) election leaflets today.
I'm spending the morning at Heathfield school.
The unemployment rate has fallen again to its lowest level for five years.
This is a tense point in time for QPR supporters .....
I strongly agree with Nick Clegg's excellent article about UK-Brazil relations in the latest edition of the House magazine.
A proper beard and a liberal message - what a combination!
Enjoyed North Curry May Fayre this afternoon.
Spent the day at Milverton Street Fair and Wellington May Day Fair.
@lucyloobylou I have, as we discussed, written to the Chancellor and tabled Parliamentary questions - and am pushing for prompt replies.
On 10 Radio in Wiveliscombe at 10am this morning talking about my new book, 'Race Plan'.
Discussing 'Voter engagement in the UK' in the Political and Constitutional Reform committee in the House of Commons.
I think Henning Wehn is funny.
Canvassing with the Lib Dems in East Dulwich tonight was great - excellent, energetic team.
@blackalicious61 @waynesmith1971 Anne, what can I say? Only that, whatever I think of your views, I retain a civilised respect for others.
@waynesmith1971 @blackalicious61 I'm a Lib Dem. I like The Who too.
@cupcakecazBTN I didn't. I was not required to pay back anything. I just want tube drivers to drive their tubes. That's all. Goodnight.
@waynesmith1971 Why is it so wrong to think that people should be able to get to work? That's why London has an underground system.
@cupcakecazBTN I just think if you're paid a very good salary to enable people to get to work maybe you should enable people to get to work.
@cupcakecazBTN Unemployment is down; more people are in work than ever before; but stopping them getting to work is selfish and unfair.
@JGForsyth Maybe Patrick O'Flynn will be the UKIP candidate.
@cupcakecazBTN There are a lot of self-employed people who are being punished and made poorer by today's tube strikers.
@LDNCalling Because inflicting punishment on the public to advance the interests of the service providers is the Labour founding ethos.
@LDNCalling Just my view as a private citizen who has spent a day in a major city without a functioning transport system.
@charlottejones0 The Labour party exists to advance the interests of members of the Labour party; they are indifferent to poor people.
@stephenbrooksUK  They're not, but punishing ordinary people and making London look like a backwards city finds sympathy from Labour.
@oflynndirector That's your job to decide! I wouldn't let the media force your hand. But David Miliband waited for the perfect moment .....
London tube strike today reminds me why I'm not a Labour member: complete contempt for hard-working, decent, ordinary people.
I'm not sure Farage would be wise to do it: the Westminster media don't have his best interests at heart, but who dares wins.
The whole point of the Champions League is nights like this.
A big group from Trull primary school are coming up to see me today for a tour of the Houses of Parliament.
More sticky labels on Graham Watson MEP leaflets; the Taunton Deane Lib Dems firing on all cylinders is a formidable sight.
Enjoyed watching Taunton Titans at Hyde Park this afternoon rounding off a successful season with a win against Bournemouth.
Sticking labels on Graham Watson MEP leaflets for the European Elections on 22 May; great Taunton Deane Lib Dem team spirit!
At Taunton Vale Hockey Club dinner tonight.
Next stop: meeting at Taunton Police Station to discuss how to address the problems caused by 'Legal Highs' here in Taunton Deane.
Just visited the excellent Willow and Wetlands Centre in Stoke St Gregory.
Lib Dem critics always said we were "soft on crime" - but it's fallen to its lowest recorded level on our watch.
Been meeting with Taunton Deane residents who are understandably deeply unhappy about being ejected from their homes by the Crown Estate.
Celebrating the fifteenth anniversary of Taunton Farmers Market today.
@stephentall @caronmlindsay I thought "enjoyably robust" was a nice expression when I read it!
@caronmlindsay @stephentall It's not very robust. It's a light-touch corrective to some pretty aggressive (and often inaccurate) criticism.
In Waterrow this morning unveiling the new sign at the Rock Inn.
Lib Dems in government have helped to oversee a dramatic fall in violent crime: living free from fear is a great liberal freedom.
Just been with the Duke of Gloucester for the official opening of the restored Castle House in Taunton.
Beautiful Somerset countryside walk around Cheddon Fitzpaine - followed by a pint of Butcombe at the Merry Monk.
Just opened and viewed a very enjoyable art exhibition at Hillfarrance church - it's on all Easter weekend.
It's all very straightforward: I've been a member of the Liberal Democrats for 26 years because I believe in liberalism.
Read The Times interview, which is what I think, rather than The Times headline, which I didn't say and don't believe.
Enjoyed showing Health Minister @normanlamb the improvements at Musgrove Park Hospital during his visit today.
@Oli_Fletcher Yes. Brendon Books, for example. Waterstones too, I think.
The Electoral Commision says Taunton Deane is being deficient in registering voters. Important for democracy that TDBC sorts this out.
Anyone who thinks my book is "for the privileged" needs to read it (they'll find it's very egalitarian).
I am genuinely interested in the feedback from all Liberal Democrats who actually read my book.
Excellent interview with Jim O'Neill about the emerging powers on the Today programme. I'm on at 8.30am discussing my book on this subject.
If you've got something to say, stick it in a book and publish it. 'Race Plan' is out today.
My book - Race Plan - is published tomorrow.
Good luck to everyone running today's Taunton marathon and half-marathon (I've just finished a less ambitious four miles!).
Impressive example at Oake, Bradford and Nynehead primary school this morning of inspiring teaching being beneficial for children.
At Brendon Books in Taunton arranging a talk and book signing on 9 May for my new book, Race Plan, which is published this coming Tuesday.
French PM sums up socialism: "Too many delays. Not enough employment. Not enough social justice. Inefficiency in the public administration."
My new book - Race Plan - is published a week today. It can be pre-ordered from http://t.co/rvZYZZbu3v (hard copy or e-book) or bookshops.
England really did lose in the cricket to the Dutch!! Not an early April Fool. I know it's only Twenty20, but still.... The Dutch!
Very welcome that dredging started on the Somerset Levels today. Result of concerted political pressure. But it needs to be done properly.
Enjoyed showing Richard Huish College politics students around Parliament today. http://t.co/7BhvkgtchB
Finished good meeting with parish councillors in Bishopswood: the Blackdowns looked pretty in the spring; then the rain closed in.
Opened the Somerset Children's Parliament: teams from Milverton, Stawley, Holway Park, Sampford Arundel, St James and Creech St Michael.
Mint and Mustard, Station Road: quiet, Cobra, subtle curry dishes, excellent service.
Clegg v Farage - Champions League politics: European stage, evening kick-off, the final result known at the end of May. Only minutes away...
19% of people see Ed Miliband as a Prime Minister in waiting; they can't have watched his reply to the Budget last week.
Our lovely daughter Molly is one today!
Addressing a @CPSThinkTank lunchtime event on a core liberal value: personal liberty.
Serious broadcasting this evening: appearing on the @QPRPodcast talking about the Superhoops.
Enjoyed welcoming pupils from Stawley and Sampford Arundel primary schools to the House of Commons today.
Done an interview for Ad Lib - the Lib Dem members magazine - for their May edition.
If you've got something to say, stick it in a tweet and post it on the twittosphere.
XX,JeremyBrowneMP,Jeremy Browne,473,36,1
