@JohnStevensonMP
Elected Mayors. Has there time finally arrived? And one for Carlisle!!
And now for English Devolution?
Looks like a great "NO" turnout in Gretna! #nothanks #indyref http://t.co/uSSIu6L0b4
@AntiAssessment It is a safe seat!
Clacton - is this the seat for Boris?
Great  meeting with Heseltine. An inspiration.
Good to see Northern Cities and their potential being highlighted by the Chancellor.
Good to see Liberal Democrats cheering a Tory Chancellor.
My first MP Direct tonight. Questions from around 80 constituents. Looking forward to it.
Enjoyed breakfast with CUFC business club. Q & A always interesting.
Manufacturing still a major part of the Cumbrian economy.
Good discussion at Westminster on Advanced Manufacturing in Cumbria. Vital for our future prosperity.
Looking forward to carlisle @skillsfair and welcoming everyone on the 30th January!
Going to ask PM for his support for CarlisleSkillsFair at PMQ
CarlisleSkillsFair almost full. Great support from local trainers and businesses
I've just updated my professional profile on LinkedIn. Connect with me and view my profile. http://t.co/axR5wgIr57 #in
Great day visiting Carlisle small businesses in Carlisle Market #SmallBizSatUK http://t.co/XN5DFAEOFU
@LadyAmandaBrett @nickincumbria sitting on the fourth row
Great news for Businesses and young people.
Labour not enjoying the Autumn Statement. They want the economy to fail.
@currierg well done on the job. Great news
PM on fine form. MPs on fine form. Good time to go on recess.
All about Burnham nothing about patients.
Labour very embarrassed by statement from Jeremy Hunt. They can't accept they let patients down.
Important statement on the NHS. Need strong Ofsted style regime to improve standards.
Another beautiful day. You wouldn't go abroad if you had this every year.
Labour still don't get the fact that they borrowed in the good times which has compounded our problems now.
Good launch to the European Referendum campaign by the Conservative Party today
Great visit to McVities site in Harlesden by the APPG. Always worthwhile going round factories. Impressive places.
Ten days, 974 miles, tired legs but a great trip. Delighted to finally reach John o Groats
Last day. Looks like good weather which will be a great way to finish.
Fantastic weather today. Made the cycle up Loch lochy and Loch Ness very special. Scotland at its best!
Relaxing looking out over Loch Linnhe. Fantastic.
Reached glen Coe. Last 6 miles all down hill - magic!!  Where's that beer?
Legs strapped, pills popped only 300 miles to go!
Arrived in Glasgow. Legs hurting as for the backside......!!.  Just had Italian. Never knew food could taste so good!!
Cold and wet. Having hot chocolate before last few miles of the day. Never new it could taste so good!!
Arrived in Cumbria. Guess what - it's raining!!  Just passed the half way mark
Another 100 miles done. Only 550 to go!! Getting rather tired but night at home tommorow.
300 miles done! Two big days ahead. Tougher than I thought!!
Big day! Starting to cycle from lands end to John o'groats. Only 1000 miles!!
Out on bike ride in north east fife. Great to get away and chill out for a change
Good early start to election day. Now of for breakfast.
Two Ministers visiting Carlisle tomorrow.  Good to put Carlisle on the map.
In Finance Bill debate. Labour have nothing to say that is new. Increasing problem for Ed Milliband.
Just finished Edinburgh half marathon- 1hr 46 min getting slower each year!!
Weird thing politics. Feel there is a subtle change in the air! Interesting few months ahead!
Hosting event for Virgin Trains at Westminster this afternoon.
Lesson from Eastleigh: The real battle is actually in Tory/Labour seats!
Meeting with PM and other MPs. Constructive discussion.
Out canvassing with the team. - rather cold!!
Cumbria day at Westminster - huge success. Well done to everyone involved.
PMQ - no policy milliband!
Terrific turn out at Cumbria day. Great food and drink.
Cumbria at Westminster. Looking forward to the day.
In Westminster hall debate on issue of corporate tax. Dry but interesting and important!
Some good ideas on relationship between central and local govt. power and finance should go together
At Westminster hall debate on tax. We should have a goal of linking min wage to personnel allowance.
Awaiting for the 5.40 am train back to Carlisle. Busy few days ahead - especially Burns suppers!
Very interesting meeting with Lord Heseltine. He has some good ideas for growth in local areas. We need to embrace them.
Back to Westminster for the new session. Big year 2013 in so many different ways
Welcome news about Virgin and the West Coast Rail
About to Chair a meeting with Vince Cable as main speaker. All about The Business Bank. Should be interesting
Good news for the lower paid. Substantial tax cut and no fuel increase.
Worst performance from shadow chancellor Ed Balls I have seen. He has little to say!
Impressed that Government has listened to MPs on changes to groceries code adjudicator bill. Makes my contribution worthwhile
Looking forward to dodds conference in Carlisle tomorrow.  Around150 people attending which is terrific. @DodsEngagement #cumbria
Just finished speaking in the commons welcoming the groceries code adjudicator bill
Fantastic result in Cumbria. Richard Rhodes is the Conservative PCC
Great news on employment. Becoming a lot more confident about Carlisle economy
Good to see the PM back in Carlisle. Really successful visit to LivingWell
At FDF awards ceremony at the Globe. Great event at a fantastic venue.
Interview on sky. Now meeting with other Cumbrian mps to discuss education issues for Cumbria
Launch of our campaign to elect Richard Rhodes as PCC for Cumbria. Easily one of the best candidates in the country. Labour not bothered!!
At first meeting of the APPG on a referendum on Europe. Mainly Conservatives in attendance.
Questions in the House on west coast rail line and Scottish referendum. Both big issues for Carlisle
Another excellent mornings leaflet drop. Thanks to all who have helped. All about getting Richard Rhodes in as PCC for Cumbria
At AGM of Cumbria CVS today. Great work by them in the 3rd sector. Deserve our support.
Last long run before Cumbrian run next week. Got rather wet!!!
Well done my village cricket team - Great Corby - on their promotion. Terrific effort.
First PMQ for some time.  Good trade figures. Is the economy starting to grow!
Excellent morning in city centre campaigning for Richard Rhodes our PCC candidate
At the Etihad stadium. nice to have a smaller version on Carlisle
@DodsEngagement  conference at Man city ground for business. Vital for our region #northwest
Some interesting appointments to junior posts in govt!
Off to Longtown MOD this afternoon. Serious issue for the area.
Fantastic weather. At Dalston show which should be a huge success.
#yrs2012 fascinating discussion about truMps. Need to improve my tweet numbers!!
Constructive meeting with management and unions at Cavaghan and Gray- hope a compromise can be reached soon.
Woody ( the dog ) also did the whole walk - though he did over 100 miles!!!
Arrived in Carlisle after 72 miles. Great weather great feeling!!
At dalston. Only 4.5 miles to go to complete the Cumbrian way.
Holding a business breakfast meeting with public sector and local businesses
Strange debate on house of lords. Got a hard time from my own side!! We do really need to reform the H of L.
Just discovered the last labour government did nothing to prepare for the changes to flood insurance They had two years and did NOTHING.
Yesterday's visit by lord green was a big success. So good to see local business engaging in such a positive way.
Lords reform on the way. Power to the voter not patronage and privilege.
Re elected chair of all party group on food & drink manufacturing. Important industry for the country and Carlisle.
Back at Denton Holme. River much lower which is encouraging. Here's hoping summer will arrive in the next couple of weeks!!
At Denton Holme looking at the river. Huge volume of water flowing through just hope the rain eases off!!
What do you want for today's youth? http://t.co/AYmmRZrf # whatdoyouexpect
Just been round the Mars factory at slough. Very impressive. Chocolate good too!!!!
At Carlisle college for broadband conference. We must make sure we have the best connections to broadband so the city doesn't fall behind.
With PM at the Scottish office. Very cross party!!!
First experience of prorogation of parliament. Interesting experience of our parliamentary history
Been debating the importance of modernisation of Carlisle railway station       . Vital for economic development in Carlisle
Great launch of our local election campaign in Carlisle city centre. Thanks to all who supported us.
Off to reception at downing street on elected mayors. They have the potential  to transform local government.
Great family gathering at wetheral. 33 years we have been meeting up.
Commons getting busy in anticipation of the budget. Hope there will be big increase in lower tax threshold.
Going to Westminster hall to see queen receive address. We do do these events well!
Speaking at a dinner tonight. Subject is the Scottish referendum. Could be an interesting debate!!
Busy surgery today. Now off to local pub for a 50th and a few drinks. Relaxing!!
At Carlisle united with Antony Nolan. Great support from all the players. An example to us all.
@BethanDarwin all my own stuff now that I have started to master tweeting!!
Had my article on house of lords reform run by conservative home. All part of the debate.
Mark harper and clegg have both been impressive on house of lords reform
In house of lords reform committee questioning nick clegg. Going to be an interesting debate on reform!
At meeting with Michael Gove - one of the stars of the government
Good meeting with lord green. Re exports. Hope to see him in Cumbria shortly
@JAFergie the union should be preserved
Chaired breakfast meeting with Danny Alexander and food & drinks industry. Good discussion.
Debate with snp mp- the battle for the union has begun.
Three more days for Carlisle schools to register with the Get Set network for the 2012 Olympics and get free tickets http://t.co/SiWsAyBu
About to have meeting with the Chancellor of the Exchequer.
Just come out of meeting with the PM in Cabinet Room.
In Kendal to do a Q&A conference on tourism - an important part of the Carlisle and Cumbrian economy.
At Agri-Expo 2011 in Carlisle with Rt Hon Jim Paice MP. Excellent event to have locally.
Back to Westminster this morning after busy 3 weeks in the constituency.
Holding Business for Education meeting today at Tullie House. Looking forward to points of view from across the spectrum.
Education and business meeting on 30th September. To attend, please call 01228 550 684.
Asking my first PMQ question in the chamber today.
Will be in the City Centre (outside the old Town Hall) tomorrow 11am-1pm for mobile surgery with caravan.
Holding a business/Councillor meeting later today. An opportunity for businesses to talk to local representatives about Carlisle’s future.
Half way through Hadrian's Wall walk. Two more days to go.
Going to the opening of new Dobbies in Carlisle. Great to see such investment in the city.
Will be at the Cumberland Show tomorrow with the caravan - so if you're there, come and say hello.
Leading debate on Hadrian’s wall this aft with tourism minister attending. Promoting this heritage site which contributes to local economy.
Had an interesting debate on BBC Radio Cumbria this morning re Union secondment : http://t.co/A5lrJJD (44 mins in)
Will be doing a web chat tomorrow with the News and Star at 12:30: http://tinyurl.com/3lsv8fc
Already received good feedback from the Business to Council meeting held this morning. Thanks to all who came.
Just spoken to Bill Roache MBE, AKA Ken Barlow from Corrie!
Discussed rivers in Carlisle with Natural England earlier today - and will also be at Flood and Insurance Conference tomorrow.
Visiting Carlisle Youth Zone - £5 million new development in the city centre.
Excellent afternoon at Heatlands yesterday. And will be opening new waiting area at Carlisle train station this afternoon.
On the way back from visit to Sellafield.
Spent the morning with Ayers Explorer Scouts, showing them around Westminster.
Well done to Carlisle for renewing Fair Trade status. Will be meeting young people from the city this afternoon for a Connexions surgery.
John Stevenson MP Looking to Exhibit the Best of Carlisle Manufacturing... http://www.johnstevensonmp.co.uk/2011/pressrelease020311.php
Meeting with Police to discuss local issues.
Visited Pirellis this morning. An excellent example of how apprenticeships can really work in business.
Had meeting with PM at 2.
Very interesting Food and Drinks Manufacturing meeting about improving the industry's image this morning. An important part of the Carlisle.
John Stevenson's Forest Concerns: http://www.telegraph.co.uk/earth/earthnews/8291358/Pressure-mounts-over-forest-sell-off.html
Will be speaking at the opening of new Tullie House exhibition tonight - 'The Eagles Have Landed'!
Finished surgery in The Lanes - now off to James Rennie School.
Just had very useful breakfast meeting with Cumbria Logistics - a very important part of the Carlisle economy.
Just spoke on the Scotland Bill in Parliament. Interested in its effect on Carlisle.
Will be in The Lanes tomorrow for an open surgery 11am-1pm. Come and discuss any problems/issues you think I may be able to help with.
Carlisle Tourism bid for Regional Growth fund submitted! Best of luck, and well done to everyone who worked hard on it.
Very interesting chat with the pupils at Caldew School this morning! Followed by a tour at Cavvies in the afternoon.
Interesting Broadband and Localism conference on Saturday. Click link for video: http://tinyurl.com/64svzoh
John Stevenson Calls for Freedom of City for Maclean and Martlew. http://tinyurl.com/5recyw5
Off to CBI meeting in Wigton for chat with Cumbrian businesses.
Interview with ITV Border later regarding Rail fares.
Meeting regarding cycling at the start of the week. Difficult in this cold weather, but cycling is a great eco-friendly way to get healthy!
Hope you all had a good Christmas - and I wish everyone a happy 2011!
Last surgery of 2010 yesterday. Also met with the hard-working staff at the Cumberland Infirmary - a merry Christmas to all there.
Did reading at St Cuthbert's on Sunday. Great turn out - and a good day.
Early morning Lycra photo shoot handing over cheque to Eden Valley! Definitely worth it though - another big thanks to all who donated.
At Tourism Conference - exploring the ways in which Carlisle can capitalise on visitor numbers.
XX,JohnStevensonMP,John Stevenson MP,171,16,1
