@JohnHowellMP
Good meeting yesterday with reps of patient groups around the constituency. Discussed issues around GP access which can put to Managers
Happy to be supporting @CHFed to #Hearts4Kids for heart donors http://t.co/6hQY5TEP1p
Meeting with SoS for Trsprt to discuss Oxford-Bristol rail.  Issue of capacity discussed.  Culham likey to do well http://t.co/WLnrymn8V7
New figures from ONS show pay gap between men and women is at its lowest ever level. Now more women in work and running their own businesses
My response to the campaign on the NHS can be found at http://t.co/w6g5ApUApG
Participated in discussion organised by Industry & Parliament Trust of which I am a trustee on the Banking Crisis http://t.co/ucOM0nNcFZ
Interesting visit as part of justice committee to Belmarsh and Thameside prisons. Also session with young people on justice system
A survey of business leaders found they overwhelmingly trust Conservatives over Labour to deliver the growth needed to fund public services
Brilliant day on Friday at ASDA in Wheatley celebrating 25 yrs of their arrival and presenting cheques to charities. http://t.co/z0yVnMJwGO
Conducted my scratch choir in a first class choral evensong at Great Milton on behalf of OHCT fund raiser yesterday. http://t.co/7ivMsGWmjS
Good new figures show UK’s businesses outside of financial services generated over £1 trillion of income for the first time ever – up 8.1%.
Full broadcast this morning about my diary for next week. Visiting Belmarsh prison as part of Justice Select Committee.
Very good session at Chalgrove school this week.  Talked to School Council and was shown round by excellent group of students
Did broadcast for Black Frog radio in Thame.  Good session and questioning.  Quite firm in my views.  @RadioBlackfrog http://t.co/5SLulpIS6p
Good meeting with M40 CEG group.  Gave them news of meeting with the Minister, John Hayes MP.  Now need to keep the pressure up.
Participated in Question Time session at conference of GP Practice Managers.  Very civilised and polite and a lot of consensus.
Very successful day yesterday.  Started with broadcast for Radio Berkshire about Whitchurch Bridge.
There are now a record number of people in work and encouraging signs that pay cheques are beginning to rise faster than inflation
The number of unemployed (JSA claimants) in Henley constituency in October 2014 was 300, 0.6% of the economically active population
The ECJ has backed restriction of benefits to new migrants.
An excellent ruling.
Really rattled UKIP.  Simply a string of jibes and accusations in return for my In Touch. Very anti-intellectual.  Shame they can't engage.
Read my latest In Touch here   http://t.co/XEekzMXamo
Have written to Minister to ask for flood money to help Whitchurch bridge to help keep down toll prices @WhitchurchBridg
Excellent meeting with the Minister this morning over M40 resurfacing.  We phoned Highways Agency together.  Hopeful of action.
Have joined those from Goring asking for appeal by Tesco to be in public.  Decision with Planning Inspectorate. SODC seeking legal advice
We’ve  refused 100 justice/home affairs laws from EU.  But we need European Arrest Warrant to get serious international criminals to justice
Visiting the Wilfred Owen exhibition at Dunsden http://t.co/DLb1jmEtM0
Preparing for Remembrance in Henley http://t.co/jZZtVANAvL
In over 1/5th of the UK people cannot use mobiles, particularly rural areas. Not prepared to let that continue. See my question to ministers
UKIP really worried. Miss the point: we will have an eu referendum in 2017 come what may, if we win the election, thanks to Conservatives
Joined by yet more campaigners in Henley http://t.co/z7UJDvfvoC
Out campaigning in Henley with the team http://t.co/DQlyGS4Mmy
No better example of welfare reform in action than ONS figures showing  proportion of workless households at lowest level
People should check their facts. I supported the Recall Bill.  I voted against the Goldsmith amendments
Looking forward to the PM’s statement to the HoC about the EU Budget later after courageous stand.
Government giving its backing to HS3 – high speed rail to link northern cities. A very good priority.  Britain’s economy is now on the mend.
Read my latest In Touch to constituents here http://t.co/VmkjCP3yx9
Pleasure to meet Rhodes Scholars at Oriel College, Oxford. http://t.co/KPMh9fnxEd
Good to meet staff and residents at Henley YMCA. Thanks for interesting discussion. http://t.co/tUf3z5mL9y
Enjoyed presenting prizes at British Christmas Tree Growers Association event in Christmas Common. @BCTGA http://t.co/1D3bQto7KG
Pleased to announce that I have been elected an executive member of the influential 1922 Committee of Conservative members of Parliament
ONS said our manufacturing industry is becoming more productive and remains a success story.  New jobs after years of decline.
As part of our plan to tackle extremism, the PM is announcing £8 million extra funding to boost the tackling of abuse of the charity system.
@bshurrock e mail me please on howelljm@parliament. UK
We've cut net immigration from outside the EU to levels not seen since the late 1990s - easing pressure on communities
See my excellent news on apprenticeships in the constituency http://t.co/pHvnbGJ50C
Good heavens, I've got UKIP worried.  They're  reduced to sending me supposedly sarky tweets
EU immigration is part of the renegotiation of our relationship with the European Union. Non-EU immigration is being successfully tackled.
EU Referendum Bill won by 283 votes to 0.  Referendum in 2017 now one step outside the hands of the PM and reassurance for those so cynical
We have already doubled apprenticeships this parliament.  Now a £1bn commitment to deliver three million apprenticeships over the next one
Of course the rules on free movement of people need changing – that’s why the PM wants to put immigration at the heart of his renegotiation
Health campaigners have called for a full-scale inquiry into the state of the Labour-run Welsh NHS. Labour cannot be trusted with the NHS.
Labour and the Liberal Democrats will not deliver an EU referendum, UKIP cannot. Only a strong Conservative majority government can deliver.
I am supporting the EU Referendum Bill tomorrow just as I did when it came to the House previously before being defeated by Lab and Lib Dems
I am supporting the EU Referendum Bill tomorrow to give you the chance to vote on our membership of the EU.
Crime down by 30% in the Thames Valley.  See my welcome of the news http://t.co/wCa9D06IN4
See my oral question to Ed Vaizey MP on mobile coverage http://t.co/vgWdQxThvs
Labour’s plans for spending, borrowing and taxes on jobs are what got us into a mess, and would put jobs, the recovery and security at risk
Next year pensions will go up by 2.5 per cent – more than twice the rate of inflation – giving pensioners more security in retirement.
Unemployment has dropped to 302 people in total in the constituency thanks to long term economic plan and local Conservative actions
It’s right to help pensioners out in return for falling incomes.  Trusting them is key, providing economic security and independence
Thanks to @TCWGoring for letting me work behind the bar last night.  A fun evening. Talked to many interesting people http://t.co/jtDi0nyVYc
Read my In Touch here http://t.co/mMECL91eZW
At our Conference, we showed how our long-term economic plan will secure a better future for hardworking taxpayers and for Britain.
Visiting Reaction Engines in Culham with my colleague @robertsymsMP http://t.co/nMPnG7Boj5
Since 2010 we have been following a long-term economic plan for a better future for Britain. There is still much more we have to do.
In Dorchester on Thames rehearsing for new Murder Mystery.  Lots of bookings for charities.
The ECHR sets out the basic human rights we should respect. Now need for common sense approach to correct the interpretations
We want a fairer tax system so people keep more of their own money. That's why we'll cut tax for hardworking people. Responsible and fair
Superb conference. Real feeling of unity. Excellent policies put forward by PM
At Conservative conference. Strong buzz about the place. Talk about how we are making Britain great again.
My comments on the ISIL motion are set out on my web-site at http://t.co/ZPzgEThLqc
Very good open meetings in Noke and Horton cum Studley.  Intelligent questions and good discussion
@ElmsPetition  I said I would try to get meetings with developer and town council to focus on the application.
Had a meeting with Elms Petition Group yesterday. Need to focus on the current application.
If Miliband chooses to ignore cutting the deficit how can anyone have any confidence that he will secure a better future for our country?
You can’t fund the NHS if you lose control of the nation’s finances and wreck the economy like Labour did last time.
Labour don’t have a long-term economic plan for a better future for Britain. We would all be worse off under Ed Miliband’s weak leadership.
The CPS say that Labour’s tax plans could lead to the loss of over 300,000 jobs. Evidence of the damage of Labour’s plans
Whether a hike in corporation tax or tax on the family home, a Labour government would drive investment away and put families out of work
You can access my video clips on Social Enterprise visits here: http://t.co/DqWLWUWpIv  http://t.co/qywvZ60BpI
Sunday Politics survey of Labour candidates: 85% think Labour didn’t spend too much;  58% don’t think immigration too high. Nothing changes.
Unemployment rate at its lowest level since 2008 – with those claiming JSA falling below a million.  Long Term Economic Plan working for all
At the premiere of To Kill a Canary last night at the Kenton.  Very good production.  Many people there though worried by Scotland.
Inflation fell in August to 1.5%.  It’s good news that inflation stays low.  It means more stability, peace of mind and financial security
Good meeting with Goring Parish Council as part of my constituency tour.
Out and about in Nettlebed this morning.  On my way to meeting with Goring Parish Council
Useful meeting with Mongewell residents to hear how they wish to proceed with planning appeal
Attended powerful and moving play on drugs at D2, Henley, in company of Mayor and former mayor http://t.co/fD7pmNGuad
Facilitated excellent meeting yesterday at Culham Science Centre to discuss how to solve Clifton Hampden and Culham traffic problems
Took Chief Executive of Clinical Commissioning Group on tour of Townlands site today. Good to see work progressing. http://t.co/pD5E4Z3xgy
Nobody should face Alzheimer’s alone; everyone has a #RightToKnow –. Read about the @alzheimerssoc campaign here http://t.co/OWrpRfXFBQ
Thanks to the hard work of Brit  businesses we are starting to recover. The FSB reports confidence among small businesses improving.
Vote for Henley Girls Cricket Team in a Nat Grassroots Cricket Comp.  Desktop: http://t.co/zkMYfssUzZ  Mobile: http://t.co/SgbO6xpCjs
Sent off Rob Fieth and team from Pyrton Church for this year's OHCT fundraising Ride and Stride. Good luck to all. http://t.co/4R8xNJrm1B
Spoke this week during the Foreign Affairs debate.  Great interest in this subject. http://t.co/8tBUHt6PMO
About to begin annual tour of villages and towns of the constituency.  This is in addition to my normal contacts. http://t.co/30M6lF2YGz
OBR said Britain on track to run budget surplus by 2018; also criticised last Lab Govt’s spending record. A devastating economic legacy.
Lord Hill position a vote of support for Britain’s reform agenda.
The UK’s nominee for the EU  Commission, Lord Hill, has been given the financial stability, financial services and capital markets  briefs.
I'm supporting @BCCampaign #wearitpink to fund research that saves lives http://t.co/yX927bgTj9
New research from Savills suggests Labour’s new tax on the family home would cost £1 billion hitting  hardworking taxpayers
#CommFund RBH. I vote for the Henley Nomad Youth and Community Project for a Lloyds Community Fund Grant.
Thoroughly enjoyable 175th anniversary dinner last night for Henley Rowing Club. Proposed toast to the Club.  Congrats to organisers.
Yesterday, David Lammy made clear that Labour’s tax on the family home could end up hitting thousands more ordinary people.
Glad to have supported Later Life Ambitions for older people. http://t.co/RRBzG12Wg8
Delighted to be elected member of influential Justice Select Committee. Looking forward to working in a key area of development #justice
Attended Beating Retreat with Royal Marines in Speaker's Court last night.  Splendid. http://t.co/ifkdxZcRoX
The UK’s GDP has been revised up by the ONS - growth since 2010 is now 1% higher than previously thought - a stronger and healthier economy.
I condemn Labour’s pledges over the summer for £21 billion more unfunded, inefficient and ineffective spending costing £1,235 each.
NAO shows proportion of 16-18 yr olds not in employment, education or training lowest since records began. More fulfilling their potential
The UK has moved up to 9th in the rankings of the best places to do business in the world – more jobs and a better future for families.
Glad to see the CPS statement that the European Arrest Warrant is being withdrawn for the Kings and that the family will soon be reunited
The SHMA figures are locally derived, not dictated from Whitehall.  They now need to reflect genuine constraints. SODC approach is correct.
Adhering to British values isn't an option or a choice; it's a duty for all those who live in these islands. We will stand up for our values
I am not going to mince my words over Douglas Carswell.  About time he went.   No great loss and not a 'popular figure'
Good luck to all GCSE students this morning
@khopkinsmp bumped into Kris on PennyGhent. It is amazing the lengths you have to go to to get a private meeting with the Minister
@CllrWillHall best of luck. John
Congratulations tomorrow to all those receiving exam results.
Unemployment in Henley constituency drops to record low of 318.  Young unemployed remains at 20.  Good news.
New figures show 1m homes now connected-up to superfast broadband. £1.7b to reach 95% of homes by 2017. Watching this area very carefully
Considering extending Crossrail to Hertfordshire.  Investing in new infrastructure is a key element of our long-term economic plan.
Labour are the biggest risk to Britain’s economic security. Their policies would add £35k of debt for every child over the next 2 decades.
@ElmsPetition I have not received anything by email from you today. I hope you sent it to howelljm@parliament.uk
@ElmsPetition yes
Beautiful service at the cathedral last night and vigil in commemoration of ww1.
@ElmsPetition no sign of it. Can you send another copy.
Very moving services yesterday at Cookley Green, Henley, Thame.  Inspiring thoughts on the courage and tragedy of war http://t.co/sqqPU0PhOR
It is right to remember the sacrifice shown in WW1. Today’s war is against terrorism. Let us remember those caught up in terrorist battles
Help to Buy is boosting the supply of new homes, with over 32,500 households buying new build homes.
At the next election we face a choice for Prime Minister: David Cameron or Ed Miliband. If it's Miliband it will also be the union bosses
My comments on the 1st World War commemorations can be read here http://t.co/ziPmDDlu7B
Two significant milestones - the 20000th Start Up Loan and total amount goes to over £100m. More business = more people supporting families
Advised that lifts at Sharman Beer Court at last working. Greatly relieved as I am sure are many others.
Good meeting with constituents to discuss local issues in Culham and Clifton Hampden. http://t.co/2eCv5KwbKm
the British economy is now above its pre-crisis peak. Great Recession was one of the deepest of any major economy. Now delivering security.
The IMF have confirmed that Britain will be the fastest growing economy in the G7 - more jobs, more security and more business
Yesterday ONS confirmed the deficit down by over 1/3rd. Labour spent and borrowed too much. We are protecting hardworking taxpayers.
Asked a question of Theresa May today in her statement about plans to reform the police complaints system
The shooting down of MH17 was totally unacceptable. The evidence suggests that pro-Russian separatists were responsible.
My latest e mail In Touch to residents http://t.co/SlIcvTPUh7
A simple principle is behind the Pension changes: it’s your pension and you should be able to choose how to spend the money you’ve saved.
Millions of people will benefit from a right to free and impartial guidance on the new pensions choices that come into effect in April 2015.
@Cryptographic_B By supporting a Conservative Govt I have lead the way in restoring this country & put this constituency top. V proud.
Recorded crime is down 29% in this area thanks to our plan, and the hard work of police officers.  Families are safer and more secure
Figures from the ONS show that crime is down by more than 10 per cent under this government. We’re making Britain a safer place.
@yappaty Such arrogance.  I voted for the programme motion because I reject the 38 Degrees description of the Bill wholeheartedly.  Shame!
Showing my delight at record six year low in unemployment in the constituency #LongTermEconomicPlan http://t.co/lq84kPtgCX
Stunning drop in unemployment in the constituency.  The no. of unemployed claimants in June 2014 was 333, 38 lower than in May 2014.
New figures show every region of the economy grew in June, with companies in the NE growing faster than in any other part of the country.
Welcome to the FSB report on importance of rural broadband.   Backing business with better infrastructure key to our long-term economic plan
Enjoyed hearing from children at Crowmarsh Gifford School about their concern for international aid for education. http://t.co/OVwgAS6blt
Good meeting with FSB members over breakfast this morning. Interesting discussion. http://t.co/bGEM55zpYw
Supporting the Reading Agency's summer campaign to get children reading over the summer. http://t.co/t9iYmlU0MC
Supporting the ‘Halfway to World AIDS day’ event and the launch of the NICE local govt briefing on HIV testing http://t.co/qDyYBQKyCv
Highlighting that breast cancer still matters and that the fight to beat the disease continues. #spreadtheword http://t.co/zPhx7YC7uY
Nothing is more important than the protection of children from abuse. The Home Secretary announced two inquires to investigate child abuse.
Ed Miliband promised to support the Government’s difficult decisions on public sector pay. If he is serious he must condemn the strikes
A poll of leading businesses shows Brit economy is ‘firing on all cylinders’ – index for the services sector showed record employment growth
Great to meet volunteers at Benson Library yesterday and to officially re-open it. http://t.co/GUZiBe3U0x
David Cameron announced we will lead a global fightback against antibiotic-resistant superbugs, encouraging the dvlpt of new antibiotics.
Measures to help savers announced in the budget come into force today as the cash ISA limit almost trebles to £15,000
From today, EU migrants claiming benefits will face a ‘genuine prospect of work’ interview. If they don’t pass they cannot continue claiming
Excellent feedback from FGW last night at meeting I chaired in Henley.  Changes to service proposed.
Good to meet members past and present when officially 'opening' the lake extension at Dorchester Sailing Club today. http://t.co/Q9V6raG82i
1.8m apprenticeships created since 2010. Good example of getting people into work and securing the future
Welcome to the Henley Business Plan.  See my comments here http://t.co/fQADhHuQge
My congrats for the Townlands development. Great personal satisfaction. Have invited David Smith, new boss of OCCG to visit the project
The Government is introducing the Small Business Bill to help make the UK the most attractive place to start, finance and grow a business.
Read my exchange on Patient Safety and support for Bucks Healthcare http://t.co/Boy3JtwKpj
Good news that Bucks Healthcare NHS Trust out of special measures. Mentioned today in my question to Secretary of State for Health
Tackling poverty: cut income tax by £705 for 25 million people, took 3m out of income tax altogether, and rise in the Minimum wage.
I welcome £3,106,730 new funding in OCC to tackle potholes. In total £7,888,879 of additional funding for OCC announced for this year.
Good meeting with new Chief Executive at Oxfordshire Clinical Commissioning Group today.
Great to receive petition from St Andrews School, Chinnor wanting Government to send aid for overseas education. http://t.co/vx71Qt1VWK
Helpful meeting in Thame with Mark Jones #barclaysonline Community Leader. http://t.co/JuBoGr1hYB
Ed Miliband gave a speech about welfare at the IPPR. Just a recipe for more spending, more borrowing – and more taxes to pay for it.
The continued rollout of the Universal Credit means more people will benefit from this transformation of the welfare state.
Feedback meeting from First Great Western:  
Date: Friday, 27 June 2014
Time: 7:00pm
Venue: Christ Church Centre, Henley
Yesterday, figures showed inflation had fallen to 1.5 per cent; its lowest for five years. More  to do to secure a better future for Britain
Following the Prime Minister’s meeting with China’s Premier yesterday British businesses have agreed £14 billion of trade deals with China.
We are spending £3.2b over this parliament on flood management and protection from coastal erosion. That is more than ever before.
At meeting with community reps on HGVs and other traffic concerns with @ianhudspeth and David NimmoSmith from OCC. http://t.co/4PmvKozRmp
Visit to company based in Berinsfield to discuss procurement practices for small businesses wanting to access Government jobs.
Good surgery at ASDA Wheatley.  Busy time. One of the best there.
My speech duriing the Queen's Speech debate can be accessed here http://t.co/Ext5ZGSS04
A report by Action on Sugar found 79%  of sugary fizzy drinks contain 6 or more teaspoons of sugar per can. We need to consume less sugar.
Major drop in constituency unemployment to 371.  Down almost 60% on its pre-election peak.  Good news bringing much security.
You may access my latest Issues Brief on immigration here  http://t.co/sEiskgWjZJ
Energy suppliers need to ensure they pass savings on to people as quickly as possible.
Manufacturing output in April increased by 4.4 per cent over the year. Very welcome that our manufacturing industry is growing.
Great news! The Government’s efficiency drive has saved £14.3 billion in the financial year just gone bringing the cost of government down.
We remain committed to our goal of ending child poverty by 2020. Calculating this by income fails to address issues which hold people back
Great to join people in Horspath for the official opening of Horspath Hub. http://t.co/mn5S1n38w3
Enjoyed meeting with reps from local environment groups in Stadhampton today. Interesting briefings. http://t.co/lcaEXLkTDr
Great to see St Leonard's church fete in Watlington carry on despite the weather. Well done to all. http://t.co/jigf62q9An
Good MPs surgery in Watlington this morning. Always interested in the issues constituents raise.
Helpful meeting yesterday with NHS on delayed transfers. Oxon MPs keeping up pressure for improvement.
Well done to Robert Jenrick for winning Newark. Fantastic result.
The centrepiece of the Queen's speech is a change to our pensions system that will give people more security in their retirement.
This Queen’s Speech marks the next big step in our long-term economic plan. Its aim: to secure the recovery for our country.
Today builds on our long-term economic plan: deficit down by +1/3; income tax cut for 25m; 1.5m more jobs; a welfare system where work pays
Today’s Queen’s Speech will mark the next big step in our long-term economic plan. Its aim: to secure the recovery for our country.
Useful meeting on Thames Crossing. Agreed study to look at what the problem is e.g. congestion, and then the ways to solve.
Re Qatar World Cup Bid; very serious allegations. Essential that major sporting events are awarded in an open, fair and transparent manner
We need people running EU organisations that understand the need for change not about the past.
In government, Lab put up spending, borrowing and the tax on jobs. Now Ed Miliband and Ed Balls propose doing it all again. Same old Labour
Delighted to visit Horspath Community Hub today. Excellent facility. Supporting their call for a Post Office there. http://t.co/seRgZL1TDD
At All Saints Nuneham Courtenay, Also in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust. Many thanks to the volunteers. http://t.co/HmMkjMRonq
Visited historic churches in the constituency this morning with Churches Conservation Trust. Here in Chiselhampton http://t.co/oaSOItKk4c
This government’s reforms have cut net immigration from outside the EU to levels not seen since the late 1990s
@JojoRy77 You will find the actual situation for Sharman Beer Court set out at http://t.co/8k4XKAyD4X
@ims_mortgages You will find the actual situation set out at http://t.co/8k4XKAyD4X
The situation with regard to Sharman Beer Court can be accessed here http://t.co/8k4XKAyD4X
People can judge UKIP for themselves. But what’s clear is that they are not up to the job of doing more than shouting from the sidelines.
Produced an updated report on the progress to getting superfast broadband http://t.co/46ErbArhyX
Great to go to Henley on Saturday and see progress on Townlands http://t.co/Sj422k1stI
See the following and make up your own mind.  http://t.co/JUHX9pIJMl
Help to Buy allows people access to an affordable mortgage. Encourages responsible lending.The Equity Loan part will help another 120,000
Compared to average earnings, Minimum Wage has never been higher.  Rise only affordable because we have taken difficult decisions
Fete season underway. Lovely sunny afternoon for Pyrton fete today. http://t.co/C1RC8g67ml
Great to learn about the McDonalds business and meet staff at Benson. http://t.co/E6xKhwSrDa
Good to hear the plans for the future at Icknield Community College. http://t.co/aQWftY9BeC
Are those who claimed that we are facing an influx of Romanians and Bulgarians going to apologise now the number is known to be down?
Good meeting at Gillotts School with Head and Chair of Governors. Covered a lot of issues.
Ipsos Mori Economic Optimism Index shows Britons more optimistic about the economy than at any point since records began.  Excellent news
Ed Miliband predicted our economic plan would ‘lead to the disappearance of a million jobs’. Now nearly 1.6 million more people in work
Quite offensive tweet from @AVMitchell2010 about rapists.  What will @HarrietHarman think?
Nationally nearly 1.6m more people in work since the election. Unemployment down 133,000.  1.2m of the jobs created have been full-time.
Unemployment falls again in the Henley constituency to a lower level than before the General Election of 2010.  It stands at 392.
A British Asian leader of UKIP’s youth wing reported to have quit the party, labelling it ‘racist’ and ‘terrifying’.
Only the Conservatives can fix our relationship with Europe, ensure it changes in a way that delivers growth, jobs and financial security.
Same old Labour: pledge to guarantee GP appointments within 48-hours is an unfunded policy they can’t pay for and doctors can’t deliver.
Yesterday the PM repeated he would not be PM unless Government carries out his commitment to an in-out referendum on EU membership in 2017.
Cutting the cake with Trustee Chairman to celebrate the 21st birthday of Woodcote Community centre.  Congratulations! http://t.co/xBEuyhi1hW
Great to see @BrakspearPubs brewing in Henley again! http://t.co/0UqhJXdCFz
Interesting and informative meeting @EllasKitchen this morning. Great to learn about 'Start Smart' promoting healthy eating for under 5s.
Every week more than 100 people affected by the benefit cap have moved into work. Capping benefits a key part of our long-term economic plan
The National Institute of Economic and Social Research suggests Britain’s economy is back to the size before the Great Recession. Good news.
Labour only interested in playing politics with Pfizer. Did nothing to protect Britain’s national interest and almost destroyed the economy.
@DementiaFriends Such a compelling and emotional clip. Sign up to be a #DementiaFriends like me http://t.co/GgZft0kSOC
Help to Buy helps those left behind by Labour’s Great Recession unable to afford a deposit or get a mortgage.
Read my press release on financial education here http://t.co/Ah3wrdSPNm
OECD upgrade of UK’s growth forecast is a vote of confidence in UK’s long-term economic plan.  BoE has the tools to deal with housing market
New initiative for STEM subjects backed by leading businesses called ‘Your Life’.  About career opportunities, and creating jobs.
My press release on APD can be found here http://t.co/jKBQPcA4lE
We are determined to eliminate the stigma around mental health and drive up standards of care and treatment in the NHS.
Across the country it’s Conservative councils who are delivering – keeping council tax down and providing better services at the same time.
Evidence demonstrates rent controls lead to poorer quality accommodation, fewer homes being rented and higher rents – hurting the needy
In my recent Thame residents survey fewer than 5% raised HS2 as a concern and judging by my Inbox concern not more widespread either
Attended campaign by Children's Heart Federation. Urge all to follow HEART to check children. http://t.co/KGCUyRCBtZ http://t.co/X44ASW7vJ0
The economy grew by its fastest rate in 6 years last quarter.  Really good news for families and businesses.
If you want a referendum on Europe, vote for one. The relationship needs to change.  Lab and Lib-Dems won’t have one and UKIP can’t deliver,
Record levels of employment in Britain and the security of a job. Need to look at those stuck on benefits.  Help to Work Scheme helping
Fewer than 5% of respondents to my Thame residents survey indicated they had a problem with HS2.  I at least gave them the chance to tell me
Thames Chiltern District St Georges Service for Scouts, Beavers, Cubs at St Mary's Henley.  Excellent to see so many vlllages represented.
Very good 50th anniversary Service at Dorchester Abbey yesterday for Oxfordshire Historic Churches Trust with Earl & Countess of Wessex
No. of work places taking apprentices in the constituency has jumped from 310 in 2010/11 to 440 last year.  Only 20 young people unemployed.
Backing British science, supporting businesses building on it and protecting investment in it is a key part of our long-term economic plan.
Under Labour police were bogged down in paperwork, often leaving the victims of crime second. Our changes are working and crime is falling.
Business optimism among manufacturers saw sharpest improvement in 40 years, on strong growth in orders at home and abroad according to CBI
@BBCMalc @BBCOxford Hi Malcolm, I remember Macbeth.  The lines "If it were done, when tis done etc etc" have stayed
Happy St George's Day.  Read my comments on the European elections http://t.co/3dk7PXEOuz
Ensuring Britain has 1st class infrastructure is a crucial part of our long term economic plan. £36 billion in 200+  infrastructure projects
NUT have voted for further strike action.
Will only disrupt parents' lives, hold back education and damage professional reputations.
Consumer spending power expected to rise by 1.5%. Growth to jreach highest point since 2007. Good news for long term economic plan.
MRSA and C difficile rates now at their lowest levels. England has one of the lowest rates of infection per inpatient treated in Europe.
New figures from the ONS show our long-term plan working with unemployment in the UK below 7% for 1st time since Labour’s Great Recession.
The no.of unemployed claimants in Henley constituency in March 2014 was 421, 224 lower than in March 2013 and 31 lower than in February 2014
Labour’s Great Recession – the worst in a century.   We are spending £94b p.a. on working age benefits.  OECD say fewer people struggling.
Lower inflation and rising job numbers show our long term plan is working, bringing stability and more financial security
@tinafegent It is all about Thame. It was a Thame Residents Survey.
My Thame Residents Survey can be found here http://t.co/KC5yINxqZd
@tinafegent My In Touch as usual covers the whole constituency. Thame was dealt with comprehensively in my recent Thame Residents Survey
Half of those affected by benefits cap are planning to look for work.  Good news for our long term economic plan. Shame Labour voted against
UK's inflation rate, as measured by CPI falls to 1.6% in  March.  Our long term economic plan is working.
More people in work means more taking home a payslip - and that means more hardworking people providing a secure future for their families.
Helpful meeting at the Environment Agency this afternoon. Keeping up to date with their proposals to address local flooding issues.
Just published my latest e-newsletter. You can read it at the following link. http://t.co/f7qrN7Bl9y
We scrapped top-down building targets.  It is for local communities to come forward with their bids for garden cities not Govt.
Treasury has shown that Conservative action to freeze fuel duty will grow the economy by 0.5% of GDP over coming years. A tax cutting Govt.
Good news for patients.  The hard decisions to reduce spending mean an extra £50m for increased access to GP services for more than 7.5m
My response to the area crime figures can be found here http://t.co/ZebQrwejAj
Constructive meeting with community groups on shared traffic concerns yesterday. Helpful work done by all. Thanks. http://t.co/Z4L97a4QiP
Attended Henley Town Meeting last night.  Excellent meeting.  A pleasure to attend.
It is only the Conservatives that have a credible plan to reshape Britain’s relationship with the EU, and to put this to the British people.
Just had a positive flooding meeting with Philip Hammond.
Regional Growth Fund announces that £300 mill allocated to 50 projects and programmes unlocking nearly £2bn of private investment in England
Lib-Dems have threatened to put a new tax on the family home. Conservatives are keeping council tax down; bills cut by 11 % since 2010.
Just asked a question at DFID questions about the creation of jobs reducing the levels of aid dependency
The IMF forecast the UK economy to grow faster this year than any G7 country. By contrast, Labour is talking down the British economy
Govt announces new curbs on migrant access to benefits and a new English language test for JSA. Our welfare system is not open to abuse
Asda has announced it will create up to 12,000 new jobs over five years – a clear sign our plan is working delivering financial security
BCC’s Quarterly Economic Survey  published during Export Week shows that exports in the services sector rose to an all-time high
Labour created 1 job in the North and Midlands for every 10 in the South.  Our long-term economic plan means more have a regular pay packet.
Taken up cudgels for postmasters re PO changes proposed.  Met Area Rep of PO. Now visiting postal branches across the constituency
Townlands Hospital given final go ahead.  Welcome news after my meetings with Ministers and officials.  NHS looking after public money here.
The 'crisis' in living costs is Ed Miliband's fault. He offers exactly what first got us into a mess. We will pay with a less secure future.
Labour’s Great Recession cost 750,000 their jobs with £3k off our economy for every family. By contrast, we've now a record number in work
More people will be able to have a pay packet from today because we've cut the jobs tax, making it easier for them to take on more people.
An emotional farewell to Charles Shouler - a much admired public servant and friend - at his funeral today.
Constructive meeting on Whitchurch Bridge today. Continuing to ensure that the work is completed as soon as possible. http://t.co/49Y9KLocsc
Helpful meeting with the Post Office this morning. Raised local concerns on future changes.
Just spoken in a debate about heritage and the role of English Heritage.  Good response from Ed Vaizey.
Check this out. So right. http://t.co/griTWTvGUN
Our decision to increase the personal allowance to £10,000 from Sunday will benefit over 26 million people helping keep what you earn
My question on Health re maternity care from this morning http://t.co/uxmfkBDD72
Just raised the plight of women with post natal depression at Health Questions. Strong and positive answer from the Minister.
An ambition to achieve full employment is a central part of our long-term economic plan. More people receiving a pay cheque.
Labour’s old way has failed: more public spending, more welfare and more government jobs.  We are cutting tax on people so their job pays
Been handing out leaflets at Henley Station inviting people to a meeting with First Great Western on 11th April. http://t.co/LLuUrcl8Pr
Speaking at Society of Local Council Clerks 10th Larger Councils Conference. http://t.co/cNFjlx4TEq
We have already stood up for Britain in Europe, securing a cut in the EU budget, vetoing a new EU Treaty and refusing to bail out the Euro.
Just come off air with Andrew Peach @BBCBerkshire. Lots on local bridges. Issues I'm working on. http://t.co/jTcdjxQhE8
We inherited a broken energy market from Labour. We've a long-term plan for it - to keep lights on and bills down, and increase competition
Confirmed that council tax bills have been cut in real terms across England this year, thanks to 4th year council tax freeze
My latest Issues Brief for constituents attached http://t.co/o2Yge5ckYU
By voting for our updated plan to reduce the deficit and cap welfare, Labour would be making a promise that they intend to break in office
NUT are on strike today. Why? Parents struggling to understand why allowing heads to pay good teachers more provokes strike.
Congratulations to Henley on its entry in The Times list of best places to live in the countryside http://t.co/nmPgC2wQNo
Raised a question about the Oxon LEP in Dep. PM questions.  Hope to be talking to them soon as so far they have not done very much for area
The PM said he wanted to go further on inheritance tax. We build a stronger society if people are able to pass things on to their children.
Spoke in budget debate tonight to praise budget and to endorse idea of Garden Cities
Up to 400k people will have more freedom over their pension from Thursday, Backing those who work hard, save and do the right thing.
Good reception on the doorstep in Henley this morning.  Good to work with such a large team of young people.
The budget brings in the biggest reform of pension taxation in a century. These changes will give pensioners more freedom over their money
Just asked about the modelling to provide such assurance that the proposed flood relief for Oxford will not affect my constituents
Interesting flood summit in Oxford. Good to make case for Sonning Eye.
Have written to Traffic Commissioner and SoS over new buses stopping at Lewknor.  Need to think first of broader infrastructure
Agreement has now been reached with Oxfordshire CCG about the future lease agreement for Townlands
Brilliant budget yesterday. Unfortunately it’s just the Same Old Labour - short-term fixes,  more spending, more borrowing and more taxes.
With correct link! I have produced a Townlands update at http://t.co/4oDyAelOUM
I have produced a Townlands update at http://t.co/96mZgcplzw
The Budget is part of our long-term economic plan for security for the families of Britain. To abandon it would put families at risk
Good meeting with Min of Health re Townlands.  Approval welcome but is only conditional.  Still long way to iron out last commercial issues
Still the 3rd best performing constituency in the UK for unemployment.  Our long term economic plan is working
The no. of unemployed in the  constituency in Feb was almost identical to Jan; it altered by 1.  Young unemployed 10 for Henley and Thame.
I believe in being up front about the difficult economic decisions we need to take. We must not waiver from our long-term economic plan
@FGW First Great Western have agreed to come to Henley to meet constituents.  Just trying to fix a suitable date and venue
From Autumn next year, almost two million working parents will be able to get up to £2k a year of tax-free support for every child under 12
Seeking new meeting with Whitchurch Bridge Company to test September reopening plan
We have announced the first garden city for 100 years at Ebbsfleet and that Help to Buy will be extended until 2020 meaning 120k new homes.
I'm supporting the residents of Stadhampton in their campaign against the noise from the excessive clay shoots. http://t.co/DiXWi27B9p
Great to be a guest on the #Chambers&ParsonsShow on RadioBlackfrog. Interview to be aired on Sunday afternoon. http://t.co/SesXPskI8i
Constructive meeting today with business owners in Sonning Eye suffering as result on flooding and road closure. http://t.co/4O0utfL7QJ
Spoke at Salt Hill Society last night.  Over 200 people for Annual Dinner.
Yesterday the Government took the difficult decision to limit public sector pay rises to 1% to reduce the deficit, while protecting jobs
I repeat for the benefit of doubters I am supporting the OCC bid for £950k to work on Sonning Bridge/Playhatch Rd & have written to the SoS
Am supporting the OCC bid for money to fix the problems of Sonning Bridge and the Playhatch Road.
A House of Lords report claims legislation to protect those with mental health conditions is failing. We welcome this report
UK growth will outpace G7 states according to OECD. Welcome endorsement of our long term economic plan
So now we know that Ed Milliband knows best! He won't let you decide on Europe. Only the Conservatives will let you decide.
Labour’s claims that hospitals will be closed without consultation are nothing more than irresponsible and opportunistic scaremongering.
The UK’s science sector helps to create thousands of skilled jobs. That’s why we are announcing £300 million of new investment.
Labour has announced a new jobs scheme paid for by a tax on bankers. The 10th time they’ve promised to use a tax on banks and bankers!
FSB shows great optimism amongst 3,000 companies surveyed to create jobs amid signs of growth.  Small business vital for health of us all
BCC says UK economy will exceed pre-recession peak by the summer. Abates fears of a lost decade
The Government’s long term economic plan is working, but it is not yet secure.   
The Budget will do more to support investment and exports
Much enjoyed President's lunch @ChinnorRugby. Thanks. Congratulations on the game. http://t.co/qNLEx95hua
Busy weekend starting with surgery in Woodcote this morning.
Had a constructive meeting on traffic issues with reps from various communities yesterday. Agreed benefit in working together. Lots to do.
Excellent visit to @EuropaSchoolUK in Culham yesterday. Impressive work being done there. Happy atmosphere. http://t.co/OXzJmFnzLg
Raised the issue of changing police culture today with the Home Secretary in view of the worrying findings of the Ellison Report
A very clear message to the people of the Ukraine: we want to allow you to choose your own future.
We are ensuring our controls on accessing benefits and services, including the NHS and social housing, are among the tightest in Europe.
Trying to arrange a meeting for commuters with First Great Western in view of shocking service.
We are working for people who work hard and play by the rules. We will ensure people come here to contribute to our economy and society
Spoke in debate about the need to ensure good outcome for Stonehenge in future if A303.
As the PM will say, we are working through our long term economic plan to secure a better future and peace of mind for hardworking people.
Just co-chaired Bridge Summit.  All agreed to establish a common base line to take discussions on regardless of solutions.
Read my article on how not all Conservative MPs are from privileged backgrounds http://t.co/6DtMGDhygq
We are simplifying the apprenticeship programme putting employers in control. As a result every company should be offering apprenticeships.
Boris called at the weekend. Agreed press speculation utter rubbish. He has no interest in Henley and I am re adopted to fight the seat.
Out on the doorstep with the team in Henley today finding out people's views on various issues. http://t.co/VmASELhWXY
Good meeting at Mapledurham today to discuss issues around the rural economy.
Very interesting briefing on aircrew training in flight simulators at RAF Benson today http://t.co/TLxtMVtW7O
It’s good business investment grew strongly in 4th. quarter up by 8.7%. More jobs and more people with the security of a regular pay packet.
@JonnyVeeArgh @FGW And I raised your concerns directly with FGW.
Re flooding: We are helping to rebuild peoples lives, get back on their feet after the flooding and we will build a more resilient country.
John Major launches the Apprenticeship Programme today and shows the millions who do not go to university that hard work are our values
Useful meeting with FGW and NR to hear of flooding problems and the solutions in Thames Valley for infrastructure and for passengers
Just attended meeting with Police and Crime Commissioner and Chief Constable.  Good to hear of success in tackling rural crime.  Down by 20%
We are taking action to ensure consumers have access to good quality pension schemes where the costs and charges are clearly set out.
Henley remains 3rd best constituency in country with unemployment 180 less than a year ago.  Youth unemployed still 15 for Henley and Thame
ONS gave good unemployment figures. The number of people out of work, nationally, has fallen by 125,000. Employment is up 193,000.
Our long-term economic plan is fixing the welfare system to build a country where people can get on to build a better life for themselves
My latest In Touch at http://t.co/sJd0lOH97i
We continue to take action to ensure everything that can be done is being done.  Insurers are critical and we will ensure help and support
The Guardian claims are incorrect that funding not provided for flood defences. We are spending more than ever before in this area.
Labour have no economic plan. All Ed Miliband offers is more spending, more borrowing and more taxes. It’s the same old Labour.
No comfort to those flooded, but over 1.3 million homes have been protected since Dec.  We will continue to invest in flood defence measures
Helpful briefing on business issues and concerns at CyT UK based on Wheatley. http://t.co/3m3eYUFmIl
Good discussion on range of issues with Jennings. Look forward to seeing ideas and plans develop.
Useful meeting today with key players about the reconstruction of Whitchurch Bridge. http://t.co/Q0c1ICzt8J
We are clear that when it comes to the relief effort, money is no object. We will spend what is necessary to help families get through.
BofE revised up growth forecasts for the UK meaning more families will have stability and security of a regular pay packet
When it comes to relief effort for worst flooding in decades, we will spend what is necessary to help families and communities.
Asked a Wales question today to make the point that largest fall in economic inactivity in Wales as a result of Government measures
We are determined to support those who might need extra help through reforms of spare room subsidy. Tripled extra funding given to councils
As we face extreme weather, our message is that money is no object in the relief effort. We will do whatever is necessary #flooding
My appearance yesterday #flooding on @Daily_Politics accessible here   
http://t.co/yrBH1HxmDv
As we face this extreme weather, ensuring every resource available to the local communities affected including 
emergency funds if required
Just asked a question of Michael Gove about success of academies and free schools for the disadvantaged
Business optimism at its highest for 22 years.  Figures show our long-term economic plan is helping the economy grow and businesses expand.
Share the distress at the latest flooding. Visited locations in the constituency today. http://t.co/iobSBpUW8d
Delighted to officially open the new manufacturing unit at Sigmavision in Weston on the Green. http://t.co/XFPFdXB7RJ
Good assembly at Warborough School this morning answering questions on life as an MP http://t.co/kuTz2qI7gr
The no. of job vacancies is rising at fastest rate in more than 15 years. Our long-term economic plan is starting to work.
The news that trains to be built by Bombardier is good for 1,000+  jobs where people will now take home a wage, providing security
Sport is important for encouraging  children to lead a healthy lifestyle.  We are committing to the primary school sports funding until 2020
We are funding the biggest investment in transport infrastructure since World War II to create more jobs
Just asked a question of Justice team about youth offending institutions and the need for deterrence.
We know that Unite walked all over Labour in Falkirk, but what about the other 40 selections where Unite applied its ‘political strategy’?
PMI data out today shows UK manufacturing continues to grow securely with strong growth. Good news for local businesses involved.
Labour let standards fall in schools. State schools must set standards so high they are indistinguishable from top fee paying schools
At a meeting in Wheatley to listen to work on traffic. Congratulations on a successful meeting.
Just done a great meeting with local farmers. Discussed CAP and flooding as well as other issues.
Exploring with A4e what happens on the work programme. http://t.co/Z5W7nkBjXw
Official Treasury analysis of Ed Balls’ policy shows Labour would borrow £166 billion more in the next parliament. Nothing changes.
Interesting meeting across NHS on Delayed Transfer of Care. http://t.co/NFRPWBP7Yk
Analysis by Institute for Fiscal Studies shows Labour’s spending plans would borrow and spend an extra £25 billion.   It’s same old Labour.
Quality cash (£415 million) to back business, boost high streets, create jobs and help local economies thrive.  Good news
Give your views on a third bridge across the Thames near Reading @ReadingBridge and #newreadingbridge
My recent article on the NPPF and planning can be found at http://t.co/EEfRMbHbWf
The ONS has released its 1st estimate for Q4 2013 GDP growth showing a 0.7 per cent increase - best since 2007. Good boost to economic plan.
Labour failed to control immigration putting a strain on the NHS and the welfare system,   Conservatives are fixing EU immigration system
The CBI said economic growth in 3 months to December at its fastest since 2007. A long way to go, but our long-term economic plan is working
Congratulations to @OllieHowellJazz on his Sky Arts scholarship.  Really well done.
Just asked a question of the Home Secretary that 7% increase in study applications means we are still attracting brightest and best
Widespread condemnation from those who create jobs of Labour’s plan to raise taxes today. It’s the same old Labour - they haven’t changed.
We will be scrapping or amending over 3,000 regulations – saving business well over £850 million every single year.
Labour got us into a mess by spending, borrowing and taxing too much.  They made £8.6 bill in unfunded spending promises in last two weeks
Enjoyed chance to share ideas at Nettlebed Village History Weekend. Great local archaeology work being done. http://t.co/zJHuagGDda
Ed Balls will not match our proposals for £12 billion of welfare savings, which means a Labour £12 billion tax bombshell for people
Thanks to the local Rotary Clubs for a good evening sharing with them and hearing more about what they do. http://t.co/AYjTTadSfA
Met with people in Noke to discuss broadband concerns this afternoon. Share their frustrations, as I know do others.
Visited new golf driving range near Bletchingdon today. Great to see a new business up and running. http://t.co/Bb4vyCikk0
@CrystalHenley @stevosarus how do I sign the petition?
UK born nationals account for over 90% of the rise in employment in the past year.  9 out of 10 jobs are now going to Britons
The number of unemployed in Henley constituency in December 2013 dropped even further to 429. Henley 18-24 year olds  = 5; Thame = 10
New figures from the ONS show our long-term economic plan is working with the biggest rise in the no. in work since records began.
Nigel Farage described Henley as just 'a small town in Oxfordshire.’  What a patronising statement to make about a fantastic place to live
The IMF will confirm Britain is becoming one of the fastest growing major economies – it will raise 2014 growth forecasts to 2.4 per cent
@stevosarus I will stay polite and legal.
Well done to all in Chalgrove who worked to get the new play areas. Thanks to all who helped fund them. http://t.co/GQKQT3GsXR
Thanks to those who came to discuss things with me at my surgery in Henley this morning. Interested to hear about your concerns.
Interesting visit to Otmoor to learn about recent work and watch starlings murmurating.
Good to hear about Thame Community Bank today. Excellent initiative. http://t.co/R0GZy9pORm
Thanks to 'Henley in Transition' reps for a helpful briefing this morning. Will see what I can do to help you.
Labour’s Great Recession – the worst in a century – made people who work hard poorer. Glad Chancellor supporting increase in Nat Min Wage
Govnr of BofE and CBI say Ed Miliband’s cap on market share of retail banks is unworkable.  PM's long-term plan ensures better banking
Increased penalties on an employer not paying the national minimum wage (NMW) of up to £20,000.  NMW supports low-paid hardworking people.
Yesterday good exchange with Jeremy Hunt over Townlands.  Ministers on side to support.
Interviewed last night on BBC Berkshire on Townlands and this morning on Sonning Eye flooding and third bridge
EU reform and renegotiation is necessary, both for Britain’s continuing membership and to avoid ongoing economic crisis and decline.
Very welcome news that inflation is down and is meeting its target #forhardworkingpeople.
Many are facing tough times because they are poorer by  the worst recession in a century - a recession presided over by Ed Miliband
Made it very clear on BBC Oxford TV today that I am supporting a call-in of the gravel proposal at Sonning Eye in view of national issues
Part of the new settlement the PM seeks is more power for national parliaments, and more accountability of the EU to national parliaments.
Met with residents of Sonning Eye today in midst of floodwaters. Good briefing on their concerns and first hand sight of problems.
Visited Environment Agency Area Incident Room for an update on the current river and flooding situation. http://t.co/08pKAhJOFJ
Interesting & informative visit to Hy-Line Hatchery this morning. Grateful for useful industry briefing.
283,000 in the SE out of income tax. Income tax cut for 3.36m. in the SE. 167,000 more in work. 27,730 more apprnticsips p.a. Good achvmnts
New report describes UK as West's 2nd best performing economy.  Seen as the largest W European economy around 2030 overtaking Germany
My statement made last night in Goring http://t.co/Qru10TXRzO
Labour hoarded planning power – leaving communities feeling forgotten and powerless. That's why we scrapped top down Regional Strategies
Part of our long term economic plan is to reduce the deficit to deal with debts, safeguard our economy and keep mortgage rates low.
Britain once again a country which pays its way in the world, meaning a more financially secure future for us all.
Labour let 000's of criminals out of prison early, and 000's of offenders off with a slap on the wrist.  Our reforms mean justice delivered
See the transcripts of yesterday's and today's questions at http://t.co/tpNXkF2rDN and http://t.co/0pbNzYEOEz
See my press release on flooding at http://t.co/5QsJ9omY5h
Read my press release on the Financial Ombudsman Service at http://t.co/DZwMg8T10I
Went to listen to Commissioner Anthony Stansfield give evidence to the Home Affairs Select Committee.
BCC say that burgeoning economic recovery set to continue and pick up further.
Just asked a question of the Deputy PM's team about the progress on the Oxfordshire Growth Deal.
British Chambers of Commerce Economic Survey for last 1/4 reports most measures of mnfrg activity higher than pre-recession levels in 2007
Labour left us borrowing more than £400 million p.d.  Now deficit is down by a third and we’re borrowing nearly £3k less for every family
Raised a question at Education Questions on the subject of the continued success of academic subjects after success of EBacc re languages
Britain’s choice in 2014: sticking to our long-term economic plan or going back to spending and borrowing beyond our means.
Despite Labour opposition we are again increasing the maximum discount on Right to Buy and ensuring the cap rises with inflation.
My latest Issues Brief attached as a link http://t.co/mpHfOxUZ9J
I understand the concerns of rail passengers and the impact rail fares can have.   That is why we are freezing average regulated fares.
Small businesses - not benefits - are the key to fighting poverty and helping our children have more security http://t.co/Ui5ChCVyog
David Cameron has set out plans to do what he can to control immigration from Romania and Bulgaria - and to fix the EU's immigration system
My best wishes to all at Christmas. I hope you all have a peaceful time.
We want to control immigration from the EU to relieve pressure on public services that we all rely on.
We scrapped Labour’s parking diktats and are consulting on freezing all parking penalty charges from now until May 2015.
Led village choir for the Carol Service yesterday. Beautiful service. Well done and thanks to all. http://t.co/FyzXSRjGJ2
Visited Wick Farm on Friday, one of Buswell Parks. Well run and good to learn more about living in Park Homes. http://t.co/EDDJrqwK23
The PM ready to block giving EU a bigger role in defence policy.  NATO is the bedrock of our collective defence not the EU.
Instead of measures to fix economy, welfare culture or deal with the deficit, Ed Miliband announces short-term gimmicks about gambling.
The Labour Party launched zero-based spending review – panicky attempt to distract from more spending, more borrowing and more taxes
Tackling tax avoidance and evasion is better for businesses and better for hardworking people.  Tackling it is part of our economic plan
The biggest threat to the Green Belt is Ed Miliband’s plans for urban councils to dump development on their rural neighbours not the NPPF
Ludicrous call from @EveningStandard about Boris coming back to Henley.  I am already readopted and look forward to standing again in 2015
I have been appointed to do a report with Lord Redesdale for DCMS (Ed Vaizey) on the future of local government archaeological services
Just asked a question at PMQs highlighting excellent unemployment news for Henley. Doom-mongers already trying to hide behind the figures.
Our plan is working: we are securing a better future for our children. There are now 30 million people in work for the first time ever.
The number of unemployed claimants in Henley constituency in November 2013 was 439. The number of claimants is 35 lower than in October 2013
The Govt will publish the local govt finance settlement today. Local govt is a 1/4 of public spending and must help pay off Labour's defcit
The PM will announce that all EU jobseekers will have to wait for three months before they can apply to claim out of work benefits.
Majority of British firms say they will create #jobs next year. Helping more hardpressed Brits to find work: http://t.co/FEVA1hiRc5
The New Homes Bonus provisional allocation for South Oxfordshire Council will total £1,906,436.  Good reward.
Need for our plan to move the economy on, to combat Labour's economic failure to those who will be poorer in retirement - born 60s/70s
Asked a defence question on the good use of helicopter capacity in the UK.  Good answer mentioning RAF Benson
Labour’s policy allows them simply to rip up Green Belt protection. The new tax on planning permission would reduce housebuilding
Visited Watlington Christmas Tree Festival. Wonderful display of trees decorated by community groups. http://t.co/1vgWWsqa3k
Visited Meadowcroft Care Home in Thame. Lovely place and good to meet residents and staff. http://t.co/3orQfO64Vg
Thriving Post Office business in Wheatley. Good to see. Long may it continue. http://t.co/bsI5dzTM1G
Very interesting visit to Stoke Row school this morning to hear about their links with Zambia. http://t.co/YzLPkhONz7
Started the day 'in the hot seat' with Phil Gayle on Radio Oxford. http://t.co/wGs9WnKoEv
Britain’s economic plan is working, but the job is not yet done. BCC predict the economy will surpass its pre-recession peak in 2014.
UK has attracted £2bn of investment in life sciences since launch of Govt's strategy two years ago.  PM to unveil deal to tackle dementia
IDS appeared at the Select Committee yesterday to update on Universal Credit. Universal Credit gives a welfare system where work always pays
New statistics show up to 19,000 have moved off benefits and into work as a result of cap on benefits.
A big day for small businesses! 7 December 2013. #SmallBizSatUK
Don’t forget those hidden small businesses. Support local business. #SmallBizSatUK
Sad news that Nelson Mandela has died. A great symbol of peace and reconciliation.
SoS for Business praised the originality of my Small Business Saturday approach re my web-site this morning at questions.
The Chancellor delivered Autumn Statement. Confirmed Govt’s long-term economic plan on track and recovery is underway. Job is not yet done.
Support your high street on 7 December 2013 on Small Business Saturday. #SmallBizSatUK
After years of neglect, the UK’s infrastructure needs renewal. See the new National Infrastructure Plan with over £375b. of infrastructure.
Shop Local. Support local businesses. Check the map on my website http://t.co/thZy0PwgvD  #SmallBizSatUK
Give yourself a warm glow in the run up to Christmas. Support local businesses. Small Business Saturday #SmallBizSatUK
Just raised a question to the Home Office about the police. Crime at its lowest level on record.
Date for your diaries! 7 December. Small Business Saturday. Support local business every day. #SmallBizSatUK
The Govt is announcing details of plans to roll back green levies.  Instead of gimmicks we offer real solutions to electricity bills.
EU Referendum Bill leaves the Commons with great support for the Lords.  Delighted that it completed its passage
@Henleychoccafe Can you e mail me details please.
Dementia is one of our biggest challenges. The govt is launching a new ‘state of the nation’ report. We all must help manage dementia better
The problems with our energy market were allowed to build up over many years. Instead of gimmicks we offer real solutions.
We believe it is time for new settlement with the EU that free movement is a central principle , but not an unqualified one. Sensible basis
Latest newsletter accessible at http://t.co/E2JMZuzeMK
Labour failed to regulate properly payday loan industry or cap the charges. We want a responsible payday loan industry that gives fair deals
Already strict rules for Bulgarians and Romanians working here including no suitable British-based workers. Ensures Immigration controlled
Today the Chancellor tackles Labour's wasted years and announces help for hardworking people through a cap on the cost of payday loans.
People feel that EU heading in a direction they never signed up to. If we win the General Election, we will hold an in-out referendum.
FCO called-in Spanish Ambassador to raise incursion into British Gibraltar Territorial Waters. The waters around Gibraltar are British
Last summer we launched Start-Up Loans to help people start up their own business. Today the 10,000th loan has been processed. Good news.
Delighted to read that the NHS plans to hire 3,700 extra nurses to help drive patient safety
Committed to growing the economy and improving the environment. Clear plan to leave the environment better than we found it.
Mid-Staffs hospital not just wrong, it was truly dreadful. That’s why we asked Francis to carry out public inquiry. NHS should be safe place
National Careers Service shows improved job confidence.  Coincides with long term unemployment down c. 18% on year to 115 in constituency
The bank levy Labour claim would pay for a promised increase in free childcare already spent over 10 times. More borrowing? Same old Labour
Good to meet Managers at Sainsbury's in Henley today. Learned about the store and their community work. http://t.co/BS8IrK2z6K
Enjoyed my visit to Rupert House School in Henley this morning. Interesting and pertinent questions. http://t.co/xk7fWumd6P
Productive and good meeting with Watlington pressure group for air quality and HGV traffic.  Went on to visit filming in nearby location.
Employment up,  inflation falling,  the economy growing, and Bank of England’s judgement is that the ‘recovery has taken hold’.  Good news.
Jack Straw admitted Labour ‘messed up’ on immigration by immediately lifting controls on immigration from Eastern Europe
Really encouraged to see unemployment has dropped again in my constituency to 474. That is 45 lower than in Sept 2013 #maythiscontiune
Spent most of the day dealing with Townlands keeping finger on pulse..
Inflation down to lowest for more than a year.  Very welcome news.
Latest ONS figures show 375,000 households living in overcrowded homes.  This Govt is removing spare room subsidy for those families
Help to Buy Mortgage Guarantee in operation for four weeks: 2,000 people accepted in principle.  1/3rd more houses built than last year
Laid a wreath at Thame Remembrance today.  Good service.  Well attended. http://t.co/mf2ehURNKP
Helped launch Henley 'Lest we Forget' project to remember all those who died in the wars from Henley. http://t.co/KAoHHYRgjs
Pension proposals designed to reinvigorate workplace pensions set out; providing more certainty about what we will get in retirement.
In support of a referendum for the country on our membership of the EU. PM to ensure we get a better deal. http://t.co/gEvbBTn2HP
Just congratulated the Treasury minister on the employment allowance and its boost to small businesses seeking to take on new employees
Under Labour incomes of the poorest fell by nearly 20%. Tax doubled. We’re halving tax for full-time on minimum wage
Govt urging water firms to examine price rises and introduce special tariffs for struggling households, ensuring customers get a fair deal.
UK's construction sector hits 6 year on the back of improvements in business and consumer confidence.
Good news that govt report says more must be done to encourage schoolchildren to take qualifications that will lead to jobs in engineering.
Re HS2; we can either take big, long-term decisions to build a better country. Or we can dither for decades while the world races ahead.
Brief appearance in the Market Place, Henley, to listen to Sam Brown's ukulele club at Royal Brtish Legion
RBS to deal decisively with the past by putting the bad loans in a bad bank funded by RBS, rather than the taxpayer. Good move.
The Head of the CBI said the prospect of Ed Miliband as Prime Minister ‘raised the hairs on the back of my neck’
A Royal Charter will protect freedom of the press and offer redress when mistakes are made. To be welcomed.
We unveil details of a review of competition in the energy market. A real cut in taxes that add to the bill and more competition.
Government brings fwrd radical reforms to pension charges to ensure savings are not eaten away including a cap on management charges
Asked a question at FCO questions today about Iran's shameful status of executing juvenlie offenders.
A new Victims’ Code will give people affected by crime a chance to tell courts how it affected them.  No doubt of the full impact of crime.
Upgrading existing lines, as opposed to HS2, would cause gridlock, hellish journeys and replacement buses for 14 years damaging the economy.
@grantshapps is right. The BBC needs to be more transparent. Licence fee payers expect transparency and accountability.
GDP figures show that Britain’s hard work is paying off and the country is on the path to prosperity.  All parts of the economy are growing
Roll back green levies and new competition test for energy market competitiion. But don’t forget all we’ve done to help the cost of living
Our economy is turning the corner:  4.9m private sector businesses, latest rise driven by growth in smaller and micro firms keen to Henley
Spoke in yesterday's debate on immigration. Col 191  http://t.co/HjG8ejGJEM
The cost of running a car still too high. Thanks to changes we’ve made, motor insurance has already dropped by 12 per cent. Today we do more
Agreement with EDF to build a new nuclear station at Hinckley Point in Somerset welcome. Will provide power for nearly 6 million homes.
Link to my latest Issues briefing on energy http://t.co/vBBJ0cxv0b
Archbishop Welby right to point to the recovery benefitting all hardworking people.  The only way is to grow the economy and cut the deficit
Crime continues to fall under this govt.  Really positive. Police making savings while delivering a better public service.
Unemployed claimants in constituency Sept 2013 = 519. 144 less than Sept 2012 and 4 less than August 2013. Henley = 74; Thame = 59
Good news that rogue landlords targeted with proposals for redress scheme and Tenant’s Charter to stop people being ripped off .
Just been to the National Autistic Society Push for Action reception.   Very powerful speeches.
Met Slovenian Nat Assmbly President, Janko Veber, with @ThomasBrake to discuss and build on Bled twinning with Henley http://t.co/0tIPqFvxjH
The Govt's Business Taskforce has proposed 30 reforms to slash EU red tape saving British companies tens of billions of pounds.  Good stuff.
In the chamber to hear statement on secondary schools accountability. Major and positive effect on education system.
@ShiplakeCollege Excellent debate with students from Shiplake School here in Westminster today. Covered many topics. http://t.co/fa1cXTi7XE
The Govt publishes legislation for £2,000 NI cut for small businesses - and announces changes to small business prompt payment rules.  Vital
Just come out of a meeting at Goring Heath Almshouses.  A lovely little corner of the constituency and a hidden treasure.
Fascinating session with the Henley Partnership on Business Rates. Some good, practical suggestions on reform.
Just finished at Stadhampton where I opened an excellent development of the church as a community space. Well done to everyone involved.
Royal Mail shares begin conditional trading. The PO is not for sale.  It lets Royal Mail become a successful business and compete.
World Mental Health - we must continue to tackle mental health stigma and discrimination. I am supporting #WMHD @TimetoChange @Mind
Ed Miliband’s energy policy isn't a freeze, it’s a con. He would break it if wholesale prices rose. Companies would play the system.
We are curbing the rail industry’s power to increase fares.  Train operators can add just two per cent preventing large rises of the past.
The Committee of the Privy Council unable to recommend Press’ proposal for a Royal Charter. Taking forward the Cross Party Charter.
Asked a question yesterday at Justice questions about rogue bailiffs.  Good response showing dealing with them.
The IMF has upgraded its growth forecast for the British economy to 1.4 per cent this year and 1.9 per cent in 2014. Good news.
British manufacturers reporting some of the strongest growth on record, beating every quarter since 1989 http://t.co/vzugqBUn8P
Our Help to Buy Equity Loans, have already helped over 15000 people. Now 000's can get a Help to Buy mortgage guarantee.
Today the Govt’s new National Crime Agency is launched making Britain hostile to serious and organised criminals.  A good development.
PM plans all under-25s to be in education, training, work or an apprenticeship. Over a million are not. A life on benefits not an option.
Finishing the job is about more than clearing up the mess left by Labour. It means building something better. That's what we are about.
Labour trapped people on benefits. They gave unlimited handouts and asked for nothing. We are fixing welfare with Help to Work.
Good to see we are helping people onto the housing ladder.
Benefits should be a safety net. We now have a cap on benefits. Labour voted against the cap allowing some to claim £26,000+ pa in benefits.
Visit around Nettlebed as part of village tours. Good to catch up with old friends.
Just had a productive meeting at Nettlebed surgery. Heard about problems in GP funding.
re. Ed Miliband’s energy policy: he admits he may break his promise – even senior colleagues think it is unworkable and would cost jobs.
@Vanessa_Loddon  Another time, Vanessa.  I have fond memories of my first visit.
Miliband set out NO plans to cut the deficit, NO plans to secure the recovery and NO plans to fix the welfare system. Same old Labour.
Still on my Village Tour. Just met some interesting people in Kidmore End and Binfield Heath. http://t.co/CjvCJuotwO
Triathlon wash up meeting today - minus Just Racing. Also continuing village tour and visiting a food bank.
Ed Miliband would introduce an energy policy adding £125 to a household’s bill. Same old Labour. More spending, more borrowing and more debt
Continuing Village Tour in north of constituency today. On to Bletchingdon, Noke, ending day in Beckley. http://t.co/2gX1s2LrWs
First stop on my Village Tour today - Weston on the Green. Managed to get round quite a bit of the village. http://t.co/wHBb8QPZa9
Ed Miliband announces a job-killing tax rise on business and a housing policy that can only be delivered by more borrowing. Same old Labour
Very much enjoyed speaking in Chalgrove this evening at CALL. Great bunch of people. Thanks for warm welcome http://t.co/sq5CWOQYtT
Had some good conversations in Sonning Common on my Village Tour today. http://t.co/906ZVDQ1uE
Second week of Village Tour. Stoke Row, Highmoor Cross and Shepherd's Green to start.
Illegal apprentices, unfunded childcare, borrowing for Spare Room. Review on child benefit and MMR disowned by Ed Balls.  Same Old Labour
Since Ed Miliband/ Ed Balls committed Labour to spending ‘iron discipline’ they have made £27.9 billion of unfunded spending commitments
The legacy of the Labour Govt was to hike parking charges. Drivers are being ripped off.  Over-zealous enforcement hurts local high streets
Instead of supporting hardworking people the last Labour Govt fought bitterly amongst itself letting us all down  leaving a record deficit
Lively meeting with Henley Business Partnership about the Neighbourhood Plan. http://t.co/Mr88iqb08k
In place of paying mngmnt consultants to analyse problems, we are partnering the best NHS hospitals with those placed in special measures.
In Chalgrove visited Surgery. Met Practice Manager and one of the GPs. http://t.co/dI89wXv0Yi
Met several Cuxham residents on my Village Tour. Highways and traffic issues on their minds. Talked too about Neighbourhood Planning.
Good debate on issues in Brightwell Baldwin. Broadband an ongoing concern. http://t.co/VSCxENnLqt
Just preparing for another day of the village tour.  Brightwell Baldwin, Cuxham, Chalgrove and Benson today.  Hope for drier weather.
Finished off my second day of the Village Tour in Preston Crowmarsh and Berrick Salome. Soaked.
Great to meet people @StyleAcre and learn about their work today. Lovely cake! http://t.co/I8X0LzLLIp
Ipsden in the rain. Wet day for my Village Tour today but kept going! http://t.co/RtIcQdoW7A
Good to chat with people at Whitchurch on Thames church coffee morning. Thanks for the warm welcome. http://t.co/OphTGatXAm
Universal benefits will remain for this parliament honouring our promise 3 years ago.
Sold 6 % of Lloyds at 75p a share. That is a profit for taxpayers which will be used to reduce the national debt by over 1/2 billion pounds.
@CllrWillHall Or democratic for that matter.
#debateheritage Good debate tonight in which I was a panellist.  Beneath the civilised good humour got to grips with some real problems.
The views of locals must be listened to when making planning decisions. Wind-farms shld'nt be the wrong development in the wrong place.
Last stop on Village Tour today - Chiselhampton. http://t.co/GPYBmldkte
Horspath - third place on 2013 Village Tour. http://t.co/xkeqBksDkQ
First village on 2013 Village Tour - Sandford on Thames. http://t.co/9XqBV3RNKu
Informative meeting with Chief Executive of NHS England - Thames Valley. http://t.co/SPZDgcptOj
Just done Bill Heine show on BBC Oxford on Royal Mail privatisation.  Not the Post Office which is being privatised but Royal Mail.
Guest of Chinnor RFC at 50th anniversary dinner last night.  Warm and friendly club which I much enjoy watching @ChinnorRugby
Excellent day yesterday at the Henley Show.  Judged the Handsomest Heavy Horse. http://t.co/SxgBG7NQft
Pleased to meet some of the team at Henley Business 'Perfectly Picked Communications'. http://t.co/pyAaoKv4Gv
Enjoyed my visit to the Regal cinema in Henley today learning more about the business. http://t.co/I8It7R63kO
Constructive meeting on planning issues at Rectory Farm in Stanton St John this morning.
Our changes for children in care are designed to ensure ‘out of sight out of mind’ never applies to a child in the care of the state.
Essential to build suitable homes for older people.   Planning guidance makes clear councils must plan positively for an ageing nation.
Welcome the New Enterprise Allowance. Provides additional 60,000 mentoring places. Also an additional £34 million to provide Start-Up Loans.
Important day for Royal Mail. With the no. of letters declining and online shopping increasing, Royal Mail needs to be able to compete.
Unemployed claimants in the constituency in Aug 2013 = 523, 129 lower than Aug 2012 and 4 lower than July 2013.  Henley = 84.  Thame = 72.
Re congestion in Henley.  Spoke to County Council and are aware of the problem. Traffic Engineer on site this am  looking at alternatives.
More people in work than ever before.  More in private sector employment.  A record number of women in work.
Forgot tag yesterday. Attended Alzheimer's Society here.  Fantastic cause @alzheimerssoc @dementiafriends
Dropped in on Wear it Pink event for Breast Cancer.  Good to support the work that is being done. @BCCampaign #wearitpink Forgot the tag.
While Ed Miliband spends time soothing his biggest paymasters, we’re dealing with the deficit, controlling immigration and fixing welfare.
Dropped in on Wear it Pink event for Breast Cancer.  Good to support the work that is being done.
Just attended Alzheimer's Society in Portcullis House.  Need to help sufferers and their families who bear the brunt of the burden.
Ed Miliband should investigate all forty selections that unions have tried to fix.  If not, it will still be the same old Labour.
Good weekend on Neighbourhood Planning; first with @HBaldwinMP in Great Malvern and then in Market Square, Henley. http://t.co/Bj3AgMrozS
Job vacancies increased at sharpest rate over six years according to REC.
Business activity in August grew at its strongest pace for more than a decade according to Lloyds regional purchasing managers index.
Our economic plan is working. We are building a balanced, sustainable and broad-based recovery that works for hardworking people.
Labour's  £5,000 cap on political donations would mean massively increasing taxpayer funding of parties.  They want you to pay for Labour.
Taking part in Neighbourhood Planning event in Malvern with @HBaldwinMP http://t.co/WKQon5NBqW
Universal Credit means a welfare system where work always pays. The NAO itself concludes it can achieve considerable benefits for society.
@jimbledon Well done.
Our cap on care costs makes us one of the first countries in the world where people do not end up having to sell their homes to pay for care
The new school year sees the number of free schools double, as more set up more good schools.  They create great local schools for everyone.
15000 young unemployed to get the chance for an insight into the food and grocery industry under a new scheme to get them jobs. Good news.
Best growth figures for six months amongst retailers. BDO monthly high street tracker showed big increase.
EEF said a survey shows an improvement in domestic market and a surge in manufacturing activity on the back of economic good news.
Just opened Henley Regatta for the Disabled.  Good to see the river open for everyone.
The British Chambers of Commerce upgraded its growth forecast for the year from 0.9% to 1.3%.
Immigration from outside the EU now at its lowest level for fourteen years.  Working to protect public services and our welfare system
@HenleyStandard Oh no I don't.  I am going to attend the debate to listen.
Pleased that the number of workless families has fallen to a record low. Lowest since 1996. More still to do to deal with Labour's  legacy
Genuine workers and jobseekers should get benefit support when needed but not those who come to take advantage.
New guidance will mean councils to consider affordability when planning.  House prices out of reach for many including young families
Claimants expected to sign up to new Claimant Commitment.  It’s a fair deal. Our reforms are ushering in a new culture of conditionality.
Good interview this morning on BBC Oxford about the Henley Triathlon and about Syria.
Our changes to the welfare system will make 3 million households better off - the majority from the bottom two fifths of the income scale.
Labour plan an overnight accommodation tax that would hit hotels and B&Bs. This will destroy jobs in coastal towns and tourist destinations.
Hardworking people who do the right thing support what we are doing on welfare. Ed Miliband has got it wrong yet again.
It is laughable for Labour to talk about wasted money when they voted against every measure to deliver £83 billion worth of savings.
@Staircase2
It’s same old Labour: opposing plans to mend the welfare system and demanding more spending, more borrowing, more debt.
Good discussion with Anne Diamond on Radio Berkshire today. http://t.co/FEo5nDqtJ6
Enjoyed talking to people on my visit to Thame Market Community Day this morning. http://t.co/gyUdVLblXO
Delivering a crackdown on fraud and error in our tax and benefits systems which saved £6.5 billion in the last year alone.
Looking forward to going to Thame Market Community Day this morning
You can read my latest e newsletter by following the link here http://t.co/E8zdK6GvB5
Drop in constituency unemployment.  Very good news. Down to 527; 10 lower than last month. Thame at 69. Henley at 84.
Record high employment level driven by rise in permanent, private sector jobs. 29,000 fewer claiming JSA. That's 145,400 down on the year.
Labour offer the same old policies that got us into this mess.  It can’t be taken seriously after its involvement in creating the squeeze.
150,000 more affordable homes have been built under this Government. Almost a 1/3 rd of a million additional homes  in the last two years.
A Guardian ICM poll shows on economic competence support for David Cameron George Osborne up to 40 per cent, up from 28 per cent in June
The last stage of the benefits cap roll-out has begun.  Claimants have benefits capped to the equivalent of an average salary.
I welcome the Prime MinIster's stance over Gibraltar.
Tax fraud and evasion will not be tolerated. The publication of HMRC’s Most Wanted list will help bring tax fraudsters to justice.
We are providing an extra £500 million to ease pressure on A&E departments helping to ensure people get the treatment they need
it’s a shame for Labour to talk Britain down when manufacturing and services have risen, car sales are up and retail sales are growing.
Today’s squeeze on living standards is a direct result of Labour’s disastrous economic policy.  Their plans would mean higher bills.
Tax-free Childcare will give more choice and better affordable childcare. it will save a typical working family up to £2,400 pa.
Economy grew 0.6% in Q2 this year. Better than forecast. Moving in the right direction. Good News.
Just sent out my latest electronic In Touch. Can be accessed at http://t.co/c3z8H7lBsF
Chancellor attending G20 to hear OECD’s ideas for cracking down on tax avoidance by multi-national companies – work led by this Government.
First class discussion with ORCC.  Excellent to have Ed Vaizey and Tony Baldry there too.
Excellent meeting with Oxfordshire International Business Club launch. Should be very helpful.
The number unemployed  claimants in the constituency in June 2013 was 537. This is 91 lower than in June 2012 and 43 lower than in May 2013.
Just participated in debate in Westminster Hall on planning.  Good to air issues relating to progress.
Keogh Report is a good attempt to get management to raise their game in the Bucks Trust area including Thame and improve standards
When people are struggling, it is right to ask whether those in welfare face the same decisions working people face when having a child.
Raised a question in the House about the courage of the girls who gave evidence in Operation Bullfinch.
This Government is capping benefits. No out-of-work household can claim more than the average working family earns. Right and fair.
The ECHR ruling on whole-life sentences is hard to fathom. We all disagree with the Court and renew our determination to curb its role.
Congratulations to the Living Advent Calendar 'Most Attractive Location'  and the Henley Young Partnership Commendation in Towns Alive
Economy moving in the right direction.  IMF raises its economic growth forecast for the UK
Just asked the Home Secretary how her annoucements on legal opt-outs relate to getting powers from Brussels more generally.  Good answer.
FSB and CLES study today on role of small businesses in the local economy. Strong performance. 86% of councils helping SMEs win work.
Recruitment firms optimistic about jobs. Demand at heighest for 3 years. UK jobs market seen as agile enough to weather the storm.
Llyods TSB index shows business activity rose at fastest rate in 17 months in English regions.
Labour’s new Homes Tax would mean council tax rises for millions.  This Government has increased tax on the richest in every Budget.
This Government voed to deport  Qatada and we have done that. Its important to meet international obligations. Now to fix the system.
Just been to One World Oxfordshire County Scout Camp in Thame.  Excellent. Good to see old friends there. http://t.co/XppaTd4dme
Excellent day at the Henley Regatta yesterday.  Great kindness of the chairman, Mike Sweeney.
EU Referendum Bill passes first stage; giving the people their say moves closer.
Unite union is taking over the Labour Party and Ed Miliband is too weak to stop it. Britain’s hardworking people would pay the price.
In Parliament to support EU Referendum Bill. Every MP who is a true democrat should get behind the Bill. Its about letting the people decide
@TheChilterns I am unable to lend my support to the EDM.  Minsters and PPSs by convention do not sign them.   I will use other means.
Sorry to see the move of Royal Marines Reserve Henley to Reading in 2014
Postponed meeting with Henley Partnership re business rates due to family bereavement. Need to hear views before lobbying. Important issue
The Unite union’s alleged takeover of Labour is to be delpored.  Ed Miliband is a weak leader, not in control of his Party.
Theresa May statement on stop and search excellent. Just written about it for South Oxfordshire Guardian.
Just issued new Issues Briefing.  You can read it here   
http://t.co/iWf4MchSbD
Referral to competition commission of payday industry good news. Clear message that irresponsible behaviour will be tackled.
Pleased to see that intend to bring forward proposals to recognise marriage in the tax system by the end of this year.
The Deregulation Bill frees about a million self-employed from health and safety laws.  It also limits Employment Tribunal judges’ powers.
@ArmedForces_Day @RAFBenson  i hope today is a very special day for our armed forces. #ArmedForcesDay
On a tour of Crowmarsh Battle Farms learning more about the business. @battlefarms http://t.co/enohFjNpYH
Hearing about 'Send my friend to School' campaign at Sonning Common Primary School. http://t.co/T4jj4GQHrK
Doing an interview with Henley College media students to help with their project. http://t.co/dIqPc9VGEJ
On Saturday Miliband called for spending discipline and promised not to borrow more. The next day Ed Balls said they would borrow more.
The Mansion House speech sets 3 objectives for banks: maximize support for the economy; get best vfm; return to private ownership. V Good.
New front of pack food lbel to tackle obesity very welcome. Traffic light colour-coding and nutritional information.
I welcome the Parliamentary Commission on Banking’s report and its recommendations to help create a stronger and safer banking system.
No one country can effectively tackle tax evasion and aggressive avoidance. We need a global solution and the G8 should lead the way.
Just asked a question at Defence Questions about the future of our nuclear submarines and the effect of a reduction in numbers.
Great news that confidence is returning to small businesses. According to the FSB it has risen to its highest level in three years.
Good fun presenting prizes at Thame Carnival today. http://t.co/FQZLb0UsXb
Dodged the rain to meet people at Little Milton fete this afternoon. http://t.co/IrIel1ehvb
Saturday morning surgery in Henley. http://t.co/D3uUEaEsy9
Informative meeting with County Council Early Intervention Team working with new mums yesterday. Then on to Henley River and Rowing Museum.
With Phil Gayle in the hotseat at Radio Oxford. Good debate on a wide range of issues. http://t.co/I51yLnKHwr
At Radio Oxford. Waiting to join Phil Gayle on the breakfast show.
Readopted last night as candidate for next General Election.
Further fall in constituency unemployment to 580. The number of claimants is 66 lower than in May 2012 and 49 lower than in April 2013.
Visited children's palliative care exhibition in Parliament today
Just asked Michael Gove in statement, gIven that FSB members 8/10 say school leavers not ready for work, how will these reforms help?
The number of homes sold in the UK reached its heighest level for more than 3 years in May, surveyors reported and predicting more @RICSnews
'Manpower' @ManpowerUKtoday says outlook for jobs remains firmly positive for next five years.  More employers planning to recruit.
British Hospitality Association predicting 30,000 jobs to be craeted for young people by 2015.  Very welcome.
Children and vulnerable adults can pre-record their evidence and cross-examination in pilot projects. Good news for child abuse cases.
Almost ready for curtain up. Last night of Tribute Concert to Terry Chipperfield. http://t.co/w3iXVfn91M
Enjoyable time chatting and browsing at Great Milton Church Fete this afternoon. http://t.co/B2acTd6Uho
Helpful meeting with Directors at Wheatley based business People Value Ltd. Good to hear issues in person. http://t.co/Ml9coCUbkH
In Henley supporting FSB Campaign to Keep Trade Local. Nicely links to Henley's own 'Think Local' campaign. http://t.co/aWNMeRkVTr
Getting ready for Armed Forces Day at RAF Benson. Please show your support on 29th June. http://t.co/zqx6HE7Ibe
@pumps1000_ian http://t.co/pzLviIpBLI sets out why I voted for these pilot culls.
Policy on wind turbines good news.  Much to support.
@editorsonja Totally misses the point that some people struggling to pay bills. Don't increase costs if you don't have to.
@editorsonja Decarbonisation the right way is vital - not to increase consumer prices.  It can be set in 2016 as part of the whole economy.
@editorsonja And the amendment was no way to deal with it.
@editorsonja On the contrary.  Events run in parallel here.  You will often find many things going on at the same time.
@editorsonja Actually, Sonja, there was almost 550 members available in the House for the votes on the amendments.
Food price inflation has slowed to its lowest level in almost three years at 2.4%.
@editorsonja Yes. I was there yesterday.
Having a technical briefing from DEFRA’s Chief Scientific Adviser and Chief Veterinary Officer on bovine TB and badger culling.
Britain's housebuilding recovery shown by rise in construction output in May.  Good, positive signs.
Savings of £10 billion over the past financial year.  Whitehall leaner and more efficient.  Excellent work.
Splendid pageant of boats on the river at Henley to celebrate the coronation. Enjoyed taking the salute with the Lord Lieutenant.
Watlington fete today. Lots of people enjoying the atmosphere. http://t.co/LUig85UKnY
Lovely afternoon for Ewelme Fete. Always enjoy browsing the book stalls! http://t.co/QWWBgD9hEQ
Delighted to present Business Awards for Berinsfield Employment Action Group today. Congratulations to all. http://t.co/pZJSHSBh7t
Net migration is now at its lowest level for a decade driven by a decline in the number of people coming to the UK.
Supporting Dementia Awareness week. So important. #talkdementia
Had a good meeting last night with Oxford Preservation Trust aboard the St John's College Barge in the Thames at Oxford
Borrowing down on the same month last year and better than market expectations. Also, 102 free schools to open.  Good news.
Inflation drop bigger than expected at 2.4% (CPI). Good news for families and business.
@afro49307315 No; they have sorted EU policy.  It is very clear and very compelling.
@Andrew4Pendle Neither am I.
Last fete of the day at Pyrton. Sun shining, great atmosphere. http://t.co/uHm5PyHpZE
Several interesting exhibitions in Dorchester for Artsweek. Well worth a visit! http://t.co/CsjFwhdIa6
Full surgery this morning in Watlington. Lots of issues to follow up for constituents.
Early visitor at Kingston Blount Street Fayre. All looks set for a good afternoon. http://t.co/ScOUfNKQdN
Met local artists. Exhibitors in Artsweek at Chalgrove Church. http://t.co/k2D68WBobp
Good meeting with local farmers. Important issues raised to pursue further.
Interesting questions from children at St Mary's School in Henley. Enjoyed my visit today. http://t.co/4Zb85f3OX9
Busy week. Attended National Autistic Society, Alzheimer's Society and Bees tea on behalf of constituents. Busy weekend to follow.
@editorsonja No - sadly not.
@editorsonja Just been to it.
Need to improve dementia research, diagnosis and treatment. Serious and growing problem. Good idea to bring more coordination under G8.
Bad news from Europe.  Recession in Eurozone continues for 6th quarter with France a notable addition.
The number of unemployed in Henley constituency in April 2013 was 629. The number is 42 lower than April 2012 and 16 lower than March 2013.
@PhilStubbington No idea.  Perhaps you have seen a planning application.  I have not.
Congratulations to all over Operation Bullfinch.
@editorsonja Ah! Have to wait and see.  I am sure I will get plenty of suggestions!
Entered the ballot for Private Members Bills.  Hope I am lucky.
Over £9 billion saved by tackling fraud and errors in Government departments. Congratulations.
PM right to highlight benefits of free trade and their transformational effects.  G8 worth noting.
Great to be back at Music in the Park in Thame today http://t.co/Sfz22o0Bdd
Curtain up in 2 hours. Playing a theatrical type in murder mystery at Dorchester Festival
Just opened Cuddesdon Fete. Breezy afternoon but lots to do. http://t.co/u6UiHynEH4
Great to discuss 'Averting a recipe for disaster' campaign with Paul Lindley and team at Ella's Kitchen. Look forward to supporting further.
Thanks to local Director of the Halifax for briefing on current work and community initiatives. Very helpful. http://t.co/F2p9rCLynJ
Backing campaign for new pub Code of Practice. Those with tie should be treated the same as those without http://t.co/WFaAC6OCVx
@editorsonja @LandscapeThame Don Foster claims NP is part of LibDem agenda.  Really?  It was a Coalition success and was part of our agenda
Asked a question in Urgent Question today on education and early years provision to improve the status of the profession.
Opposed to the idea of 'Haddenham airport' and what it would do to Thame.  An airport - half-way to Brimingham airport??  I don't think so.
There for the Queen's speech.  About promoting a fairer society that rewards people who work hard.
Supporting My Money Week.  I hope schools will join in. Glad to see The Henley College and Langtree participating.  http://t.co/FG6dnERkND
Welcome report into Huntercombe Prison today http://t.co/GduapRgg4Z
Now the Thame Neighbourhood Plan is settled, the attention turns to Henley and Harpsden after Woodcote
Looking forward to attending Music in the Park at the weekend.
Beautiful sunny afternoon for Chalgrove May Day festival. Great opportunity to chat with people. http://t.co/O6wFEiXbOu
Just circulated a new In Touch. Post election special. You can read it at the following link. http://t.co/FE0h4caJvg
Delighted at the 'yes' result for Thame Neighbourhood Plan. Well done everyone. http://t.co/6OEQcyLTmD
At the Thame Neighbourhood Plan referendum count. Waiting....
@FickersH @behomewise yes thanks.
Last push delivering leaflets for David Nimmo-Smith in Henley today. Proven track record as an excellent councillor. Deserves re- election.
Interesting briefing in the Environment Agency incident room. A mine of useful data. http://t.co/lMDvnpPyZu
Oxfordshire Charity & Volunteer Awards open for nominations until 20 May http://t.co/Ugnz74S6kW @OCVAawards #OCVAawards
Spent some time at the station meeting commuters with Henley candidate David Nimmo-Smith this evening. http://t.co/czLTPdSOQ0
County Council Chalgrove and Watlington Division stretches to Nettlebed. There with candidate Caroline Newton today. http://t.co/hEVYgyspq3
Giving support to Kevin Bulmer the candidate in Goring today. http://t.co/h4OHs7RKbl
@editorsonja Already being tackled
@editorsonja No.  UK will retain its status as a great place to do low-carbon business. It will attract £110 billion of investment.
@editorsonja Ministers have laid amendments to energy Bill for a binding decarbonisation target for the electricity sector to be set in 2016
Thanks to Planning Minister Nick Boles for coming to Thame again. http://t.co/JlzUVeXSE4
Supporting the Thame Neighbourhood Plan #yesforthame http://t.co/m4FieIJm8y
Campaign trail takes me to Chinnor today with David Wilmshurst. http://t.co/qVIMKLtevq
Campaigning in the north on the constituency with Tim Hallchurch today. http://t.co/zUi86FwcE7
Having supported the fundraising 2 years ago is now great to see 1st phase of work in Oddington church almost done. http://t.co/aPLjDLV2Vr
Meeting with local Member of Youth Parliament, Michael Oatway, in Thame http://t.co/HQ3846WqAx
Back on the campaign trail. This morning with Peter Skolar in Benson and Crowmarsh Gifford. http://t.co/pPqlq1lTNM
With local business people in Henley this morning at FSB breakfast. http://t.co/DRarxFOEw0
Good news that GDP growth up 0.3% for the first quarter.
Just delivered the Goring & Streatley station petition in the chamber of the House of Commons.
My latest IntouchUPDATE just published. Read it at http://t.co/moiBYNZgjV
I would like all who choose cosmetic surgery better protected. They must feel confident they will be well looked after and supported.
Good report that substantial and sustained fall in violent crime over last decade.  All other categories of crime have also fallen.
Likely to be presenting petition about Goring & Streatley station tomorrow around 7.00 pm - timing to be confirmed.
Excellent breakfast meeting with Network Rail this morning to understand better their investment plans.
Congratulations to Bletchingdon on successful planning application for new school et al.
@JohnHowellMP should have read fair rents not fair events!!
Good move today to unveil pubs code of practice to secure fair events and prices plus a powerful adjudicator.
Good to welcome delegation of philosophy students from the Oratory to Parliament today. Excellent questions raised.
Official stats show 67 % drop in number of cable thefts over the past year, following new Conservative measures to tackle metal theft.
Say yes to Thame's Neighbourhood Plan.  It needs support. Congratulations to all who put it together.
@r_jerrett_uk Not a problem if it doesn't create a new bureaucracy
Supporting county council candidate Caroline Newton together with Ian Hudspeth http://t.co/WGSMRN56wQ
On the campaign trail with  county council candidate Lorraine Lindsay-Gale http://t.co/eRwyPuNmoK
Discussing issues with Philip Kooman - local woodwork guru. http://t.co/aMz0m7umxd
Good Business Question to Leader of the House on Government keeping Council Tax low to help families from Andrew Stephenson #pendle
The number of unemployed in Henley constituency in March 2013 was 645. This is 92 lower than in March 2012 and 5 down on February 2013.
Today starts the roll-out of the Benefit Cap. Labour oppose this. It ends the claiming of more than average working family earnings.
Good news. Lloyds TSB Regional Purchasing Managers' Index shows rise in business activity across majority of English regions for 5th month
Congratulations to ASDA and Sainsbury's for reducing the price of petrol at their pumps.
Condolences to the family of Sir Colin Davis who has died.  We have lost a fine musician.
Just finished playing for Evensong for a friend in hospital. http://t.co/UWbSWq0lNj
Curtain down. Successful evening on stage in charity murder mystery play in Chalgrove. http://t.co/voMBGQtHOi
Enjoyed opening the new room at the Old Station Nursery in Henley. Good chance to discuss nursery funding. http://t.co/wM1DNocHAd
@nurserysarah @HenleyStandard  Looking forward to the event enormously.
Now addressing the Chinese delegation on the British Constitution via an interpreter. http://t.co/3T5pV7m6Vq
Great pleasure to be able to welcome a Chinese delegation to Henley. http://t.co/nqRHxKWfVb
XX,JohnHowellMP,John Howell,882,92,7
