@JohnMannMP
Preparing for the rugby in #Dublin http://t.co/dExhDsVFHp
No contradiction in #Labour  appealing to working class and middle class and no longer in any class Britain.
@lougarrett71 done so
We will take no lessons in sneering from David Cameron
Proudly wearing my England cap on British Legion charity climb earlier this year http://t.co/YMTARM1hSk
Just back after a day away. Anyone remember where I left my white van?
@purr121 as your MP I will be in London tomorrow to back the Bill to save our NHS
Why hasn't David Ward been expelled by the Liberal Democrats after his repeated crass comments?
There are no signs on Farmers Branch in Worksop to notify drivers of the change in speed limit. Video and more here: http://t.co/fP8RVyXqD0
v useful #CSA meetings today. important that everyone avoids the trap of libel action through jumping in too quickly. The truth will out
Writing to all main lobbying companies seeking assurances that they do not take work to defend alleged child abuse perpetrators.
I met Clive Driscoll in 1990s . Good honest copper whose story needs a much better airing . Come on TV investigators.
Not just did Lambeth police start investigating allegations in 1988, but Insp Clive Driscoll did in new inquiry in 1990s. Again blocked.
Some of those accused of child abuse are paying a lot of money for PR and lobbying
At least one former MP being investigated for child abuse is employing Political insiders for PR 'advice'
What is not understood is how difficult victims of historic child abuse find it to speak out. Every conviction encourages more to speak.
Two more Notts child abuse victims came forward at my surgeries last week as did a name already given to me over Dolphin Square/ Saville.
The South London Press reported a small piece on suspicious death of a caretaker in 1988/89. Anyone seen it?
Another day, another two local historic child abuse cases. We have some power at last said one. You bet you do.
@J_Ennis proud of Jess. We should jail the lowlife who abuse her #sheffieldsuperstar
Met inquiry into Lambeth child abuse murder. Reported to police several times over the last year
From far and wide you are invited to participate in my election campaign . Street by street, door by door. The cut and thrust of politics
600 new volunteers in last two months for  my Bassetlaw General Election campaign. Thank you. And they say that politics is dead..
Another retired police officer has come forward to say that they were instructed not to investigate Cyril Smith
Wonga in front of Treasury Select Committee next week
Today is World #pancreaticcancer Day, help spread awareness, only 3% survive, find out more http://t.co/EzgbUmJUWE
Written to @Keith_VazMP asking for Home office officials and special branch officers from 1984 to be brought in front of select committee
Solicitor General and Paymaster General skiving in Rochester bakery currently
Forlorn Looking Solicitor General struggling with the hills of Rochester
Banks are again caught breaking the law. Who will resign and who will face criminal prosecution? And if not, why not?
@steverichards14: 'Miliband's problem is that he's too neurotically in touch' http://t.co/4hztLxelCg” classic example of Westminster elitism
“@BBCNews: Regulator announces payday loans cap http://t.co/NqdIGZ9lJS” good regulation and it will have a big impact
Wanless failed to interview Don Hale about leaked  Home Office sex abuse files. Hardly a forensic investigation.
So who told Cyril Smith about the Home Office child abuse files leaked to Barbara Castle?
Guess who turned up in 1984 tipped off over leaked Home Office Dickens files: Cyril Smith.
We will ensure Parliamentary debate on Wanless report, whether Theresa May wants it or not
Wanless report: attempt to sneak it out on Monday while Parliament is pre occupied with Europe. However they forget backbench business.
@tom_watson Jeff the miner from Worksop and Manton colliery
“@glossophoto:  @JohnMannMP gave a talk to the 6th form in Worksop. Sparked my interest in politics and that of several others.”
Mystery over who put restrictions on Barbara Castle files. Certainly not Barbara.
Lots of questions unanswered after police accidentally shoot a child from Bassetlaw at Notts Police HQ
Amazing number of journalists suddenly want to talk about my day in Rochester.
Apologies to all decent people for the racist extremists trying to rubbish investigations into child abuse on my timeline.
Will Theresa May sneak out the Wanless report on Tuesday without questions?If so what has she got to hide?
Barbara Castle put no restrictions on her papers kept in Oxford according to her secretary who personally delivered them
Just tabled question to May: who issued 1984 D-notice on journalist Don Hale in relation to a list of MPs allegedly involved in child abuse?
The self indulgence of child abuse Minister Norman Baker resigning at this crucial time is breathtaking, people of Lewes you know what to do
The brave and decisive move would be to appoint Tessa Munt as minister covering child abuse
Useless Norman Baker, invisible and silent Minister for child abuse resigns. His only act was to delay Wanless report
@DrAndrewWatt mannj@parliament.uk
@rubeusflint would be good to talk
In just Yorkshire it will take he rest of the decade to investigate child abuse cases to prosecution  and the number will increase greatly
It is very clear that police, CPS and councils cannot resource child abuse enquiries, by a factor of at least 10. Major, major issue.
There are some MP false leads being circulated for reasons unclear. My demand is full police investigation of every allegation.
Writing today to Teresa May naming every MP where there are allegations  and investigations. To avoid any ambiguity. To forward to enquiry.
@woodlandsanrew why is a UKIP national spokesman re-following extremist hoax sites just taken down by Twitter? @Nigel_Farage
The Barbara Castle missing files includes a large number of leaked Home Office minutes of meetings about the Dickens dossier.
We now have abuse allegations about 17 children's homes in Nottinghamshire. Nobody should presume that their own area is any different.
Why is Theresa May still sitting on the completed Wanless report? It should be published in full on Monday in my view.
The Geoffrey Dickens list and the Barbara Castle list of alleged abusers are almost certainly the same 16 names
The Geoffrey Dickens file was fully discussed throughout the Home Office. Then what happened....?
#Labour charging £3 to vote in London mayoral primary sums up why The Party is failing to connect sufficiently with working class Britain
Fiona Woolf goes at last. Her replacement should be professor Alexis Jay author of the Rotherham report
All Bonehill accounts suspended by Twitter
@Marshall5Sharon your tweet us libellous and criminal. Withdraw it now and donate to British Legion or action commences Thursday
@StockportCharli withdraw the tweet or action commences Thursday
@johnpaulprice71 your tweet is libellous and criminal. Withdraw it now and make a donation to British Legion or action Commences Thursday
@superhoops34 your tweet is libellous and criminal. Withdraw it now and make a donation to the  British Legion or action commences Thursday
Yeovil man Joshua Bonehill-Paine, charged with posting information online claiming individuals wer... http://t.co/FS52HiOX6G
I raised holding Twitter to account for antisemitic abuse in the House of Commons today. More details here: http://t.co/0TaQT2dhKw
Today I am wiring to police and social services identifying two new children's homes in Nottinghamshire where child abuse took place
I have today called on Theresa May to make the Wanless review available to Parliament. More details here: http://t.co/NOyJw26ZxJ
My article explaining how working with journalists to expose historic child abuse and alleged involvement of MPs: http://t.co/GwlqogLrWX
I asked four Parliamentary Questions on child abuse and alleged involvement of MPs. Home Office refuses to answer: http://t.co/N7TBcEx0YV
I asked whether files giving details of alleged child abuse by MPs were taken from journalist Don Hale. Non-answer: http://t.co/EpefLBc8KK
I asked about meetings in Home Office 1980-1985 about involvement of MPs in child abuse. Another non-answer: http://t.co/0J46HP9JzB
I asked what allegations of child abuse were brought to Home Office's attention 1998/1999. Here is their non-answer: http://t.co/owk1hFJPYT
Home office Minister norman baker refuses to answer questions about historic child abuse
If I get a response from a questionnaire as low as the Tory Party selection in Rochester then I know I have asked the wrong question
@Ed_Miliband guarantees immigration bill. The dialogue has not been easy, but leadership is about listening and hearing . Refreshing to see.
Amazing number of volunteers coming forward to help my re-election campaign. Thank you to the great people of Bassetlaw.
Why does the remit of the Wanless enquiry extend until 1999 as opposed to earlier or later dates? Something is not quite right here.
Why is Teresa May again stitching up the Child abuse enquiry?
What did Leon Brittan do about the Dickens dossier? Clear evidence of Home Office investigation. So what then happened?
Time for Leon Brittan to be put in front of Home affairs Select Cttee @Keith_VazMP please take this as a request
Another day and more new MP sex abuse evidence emerges. Keep it coming
It is totally impossible for Fiona Woolf to now properly chair child abuse enquiry. Leon Brittan oversaw significant inquiries that vanished
Man jailed over antisemitic tweet to MP Luciana Berger. Antisemitic and racist hate must always be tackled head on http://t.co/HAvfgayDdw
New brides who take husbands' surname discriminated against by 'sexist' Nick Clegg's election reforms @Telegraph http://t.co/Wf7zMQcE97
@mwalkerdine @Sunnyclaribel v .interesting. Address?
You cannot work in the German civil service if you are British.
To work in Germany you have to register with the local authority in order to work
You cannot simply get any job in Germany and start working. There are many barriers including requirement to have your own health insurance
EU spokesmen are failing to differentiate free movement of people and free movement of labour. The two are entirely different
I am dealing with Notts child abuse and MPs historic abuse. Any witness I hear from has an absolute guarantee that they call the shots.
North Notts children's homes. Anyone aware of allegations of abuse or violence in past?
Anybody know of any 1980s Lambeth wine bars where they suspect links to child abuse/ teenage rent boys?
The Home office investigated MPs and child abuse in the 1980s. Civil servants involved need to speak out about the existence of these files
I am finding child abuse victims slowly coming forward after being ignored or worse in the past. Things are moving and are unstoppable
Thank you for the deluge of new information about MPs and historic child abuse. Will take some time to pull all these new threads together
Fundamentally immoral to pay out the Rotherham council official who failed to act. Why was she paid off and not sacked?
Allegations yesterday about three new children's homes in Nottinghamshire plus appalling police treatment of Saville victim .
It is becoming clear that the child sex abuse cover up is much, much bigger than anyone could ever realise
Are any of Barbara Castles old staff still around?
If a second person can evidence the alleged PIE MP kingpin then I will be naming him in Parliament ( not a name already out there)
Very interesting and significant name suggested for PIE child abuse organiser of MPs. Anyone with info?
In two significant meetings for many hours today on historic child abuse. Victims emerging slowly but surely.
Journalists need to start asking why the Dickens file is covered by the official secrets act
Tonight on Twitter, much encouragement, good advice and help. Only 5% lonely kippers. Thank you and good night
What a nice Tory Pedigree chum: Lord Freud. Kick the disabled and charge them for the privilege. Time to go nasty man.
Come on then Twitter trolls. Show your bottle and stand against me for Parliament. I relish your challenge ( if you ever dared stand).
To the doubters let me say;  I have provided evidence to the police on Parliamentary sex abusers. Let us see justice prevail.
Contact http://t.co/jsFvVRP0l3
Contact http://t.co/SzbjDElJaT
If school academies go wrong we are stuck with them. Me thinks this is a bad idea
One NHS. Owned by us all. Responsive and local. Properly funded. Well motivated staff. Advice to #Labour: it's needed and its a vote winner
Apparently some are concerned that I might upset the apple cart. Sod that, I am focussed on the entire orchard.
I was asked  why I fight on anti Semitism. Answer, for some reason I was elected an MP. If an MP won't do it, who will?
I can't take on every child abuse case. But my god, I will fight to the end for justice for some of them.
I guaranteed every coal miner who took on greedy solicitors. We won. The same will apply to child sex abuse involving powerful people.
Lambeth children's home sex abuse. I guarantee anonymity and use of Parliamentary privilege for any victim who comes forward.
Calling Don Hale of the old Bury Messenger. We need to talk.
@discovery77_ @Warrs_ @garyvirgilpres @perryscope21 any contact details?
@garyvirgilpres Any contact details?
Another child abuse case in Bassetlaw this week. It's getting bigger.
Anybody know the Bury journalist given a child abuse file by Barbara Castle? I want to speak to him.
The Official Secrets Act does not apply to MPs or celebrities. So why does it apply to the  Geoffrey Dickens file?
Why does the Geoffrey Dickens file remain covered up? Cabinet Office response to my Parliamentary Question: http://t.co/NpBQhKQAsQ
I am supporting NHS workers who are standing up for Britain today
An NHS free of privatisation. Now that would be a popular policy @Ed_Miliband
Memo to @TristramHuntMP give schools back to local communities under local authorities. If Scotland can run its schools why can't the North?
How many copies of the Observer are sold each week in Heywood and Middleton and Clacton?
An Australian and American marrying my constituents were thrown out of the country on eve of their wedding on immigration technicalities.
If you are African you usually cannot visit the UK for a wedding of a family friend. Welcome to fortress Europe.
I have never seen a copy of the Observer newspaper in my constituency. Could London send some up please.
Current UK immigration policy: we will be meaner to those fleeing persecution or marrying non Europeans to compensate for EU migration flaws
“@politicshome: .@MatthewParris3 Voters, not the politicians, are out of touch' http://t.co/4hztLxelCg THE EPITOME OF THE WESTMINSTER BUBBLE
Enoch Powell's lasting legacy: that it is so difficult in this country to have a proper discussion about immigration and migration.
Waste of money police commissioners costing even more. Scrap them now.
Lessons for Labour from Heywood and Middleton: a serious wake-up call http://t.co/og0hDkmsaS
Ed Miliband does a lot of listening. Now he needs to do a bit more hearing.
If Ed Miliband does not broaden the Labour coalition to better include Working class opinion then we cannot win a majority government
The real issue is why so many Labour voters are not bothering to vote. The mantra of 'must work harder' is not sufficient.
50% Clacton turnout shows that the key issue in General election will be motivating voters to turn out at all
Time for Labour to take the fight to UKIP and stop taking false comfort from Tory losses
Is Tory MP Mark Spencer about to gamble and jump ship to UKIP? http://t.co/wPpnaPuRb4
Will Tory MP Mark Spencer defect to UKIP? Panic sets in among careerist Tories ahead of Clacton by-election: http://t.co/wPpnaPuRb4
Still the question remains: What's the point of Nick  Clegg?
I back #Asda plan for defibrillator in their store.Lost 11yr old school friend & this will help prevent future deaths http://t.co/dTOO7FkieD
Proud to open Retford's Food Bank this morning but sad that these are so necessary in today's world  http://t.co/gD5Gi9dei3
Things you never hear in Yorkshire no 5
William Hague is the greatest living Yorkshireman
Things you never hear in Yorkshire no 4
Saw that Nigel Farage on a bus once
Things you never hear in Yorkshire no 2
Is that George Osborne eating a pasty?
Things you never hear in Yorkshire no 3
I'll be voting for that Nick Clegg next year
Things you never hear in Yorkshire no 1
That William Hague, he' a good 'un
We need the loans industry to be properly regulated to stop companies like #Wonga from putting people into deep debt misery
On c4 talking about Wonga
Anticipating the New English Civil War when Parliament can be bothered to return
FCA right to crack down on Wonga - now time for CEO to appear before Treasury Select Committee http://t.co/G2nIGUAxYu
Not enough black + ethnic minority coaches in English football - time to introduce our own 'Rooney Rule': http://t.co/0rQkzTm16p
Says it all about Cameron : he thinks Hague is greatest living Yorkshireman. Pathetic, self congratulatory 'twassock.
Success. Independent review into Notts child abuse just announced #CSA
The Tory Party intend to complete the privatisation of the NHS . Be aware and warn others.
Out in Leeds with @RachelReevesMP and local candidate @jamiehanley http://t.co/k2m2jz5L3e
Why has the Gov. refused to publish unredacted report into fracking? A serious energy policy requires transparency: http://t.co/2Bl1qBeA88
400 MPs are part of China group. Why are they silent over Hong Kong Communist brutality?
Communist dictators attack peaceful protestors inHong Kong. Why aren't our political leaders speaking out?
Meddle, meddle. Politicians can't keep their sticky mitts off the NHS
What is wrong withGPs having the weekend free?
We already lose up to a third of newly trained GPs to Australia and New Zealand. More will go with 7 day working.
Many GPs are nearing retirement . 7 day working will result in rural closures and sell offs to US private multinationals
7 day GP practices will mean the end of many rural GP practices and the selling of others to US private health providers
Nottingham City Council refusing to recognise any responsibility for historic child abuse. Time for a wake up call
Notts County Council helpful on child abuse investigation. Nottingham City stuck in total denial. Huge contrast of ethics and approach.
Grant Shapps the truth seeker claimed impossible numbers of email contacts before his election
The child sex abuse enquiry is being pushed into the long grass by 10 Downing Street.
Many working women will be caught out by Cleggs new electoral law, not least those changing their name because of violence
Women who change their name after divorce now need to re- register on the electoral roll ( Clegg's new electoral law)
Sub-standard homes with no school places. Some 'present' promised by the Tories to young couples.
Every woman who changes her name after marrying has to re-register on the electoral role (Cleggs's new law being applied this month)
Is it not right that any MP exposing themselves to a member of the public should immediately resign from Parliament? I think so.
Brooks Newmark looked distraught in Whitehall on Friday. Did he hope it was too small a thing to resign over?
Mark Reckless and Douglas Carswell. Two MPs who hate trade unions the public sector and especially the NHS.
These Tory scandals. Takes you back to the days of Neil Hamilton. And where is he these days? Oh yes, running UKIP. Same old Tories
“@Kevin_Maguire:Brooks Newmark " exposing himself while wearing a pair of paisley pyjamas" http://t.co/mufyT6ktpB”
Same old Tories
Agreed second meeting with police to give further statement on child abuse to Operation Trinity.
@Nigel_Farage Labour MPs talking to you about defecting? Rubbish. You are making it up. Come on.... Put up or shut up.
Two weeks of daily knocking on doors begins tomorrow in Bassetlaw
1500 voted in 24 hours in my Bassetlaw Iraq poll. 70% in favour  of action 22% against. Lots of UKIP against interestingly.
Why I Voted in Favour of Air Strikes against ISIS http://t.co/3tGGvUNyLc
Of my constituents who responded to whether the UK should participate: 70.44% said yes, 21.64% said no, 7.92% were unsure.
In the past 24 hours over 1100 of my constituents have responded to my survey: should the UK participate in airstrikes against IS in Iraq?
Air strikes against IS in Iraq? I want to hear the views of Bassetlaw people before I vote in Parliament on Friday http://t.co/uxFvYCcVgZ
I am asking Bassetlaw residents views before I vote in Friday's Parliament Recall. Survey on website and emails sent out
Devolution must give meaningful rights for local control of planning, housing, NHS priorities and education. Have faith in #peoplepower
The West Dorset question. Why should Southern Tories determine health, planning and education issues in the North?
It's time for an English devolution plan that abolishes House of Lords and deals with the West Dorset Question
Responding to the challenge of cyberhate: best practices and the role of the internet community http://t.co/A9eb075Slf
We demand the right to control planning, housing, NHS priorities and education locally #peoplepower
The West Dorset question: why should Tory MPs in Dorset decide issues about the NHS and education in The North?
Time to replace unelected House of Lords in constitutional settlement
Gordon Brown should become next Labour Scottish leadet
Joyce Thacker Rotherham. Council must confirm no pay off to reward failure.
Cameron revolutionises politics by.. Err appointing Hague to chair a sub committee. These people never learn.
The West Dorset question. Why should Southern Tories determine health, planning and education issues in the North?
@BBCAllegra not income tax. VAT is a bigger issue as is corporation tax
Cameron attempts to stuff the North of England. We demand control over our NHS, our schools, our housing and jobs
Next big question is the Wales question: do the Welsh want devo max and do Northern Ireland? Then what does Northern England expect?
There is no way that MPs in Surrey and Dorset are going to control the North of England as David Cameron will propose later
Westminster politicians with insular careerist elitism have created the space for the Yes vote to thrive.
If its a no vote, its Gordon Brown who won it. Next First Minister or first Prime Minister? Certainly the person to lead Scottish Labour
Will future devolution  decisions mean empowering people or merely more Shaun Wrights?
Its about time Shaun Wright! @DavidBlunkettMP should be next PCC. He has the credibility, knowledge and experience that's needed
Sean Wright: about bloody time
Nottinghamshire child sex abuse scandal: one of the biggest yet
The Mann family in Scotland has started voting and voting No
Major inquiry now needed into Nottinghamshire  child abuse
Lambeth sex abuse enquiry now officially underway. Tom Pettifor and Sunday Mirror crucial in finding new evidence
Brave Worksop woman highlighting need for cervical smear test. This was a life saver for my wife  http://t.co/jZthPNHIG8
My complaint that Shaun Wright should be investigated for misconduct in public office been referred to IPCC by S Yorks Police & Crime Panel
Out in Ollerton for the by election with local candidate @mikepringle7 and general election candidate @leoniemathers http://t.co/3dvUNkrTpH
Independent Scotland requires huge Scottish tax increases or cuts to keep sterling or develop new currency. Governor Carney spells it out
Treasury cttee: governor Carney confirms that to use sterling requires Scottish reserves which can only come from higher Scots taxes or cuts
Who is guaranteeing public sector pensions in Scotland where the scheme is in deficit?
The Scottish Nationalist Party voted with Margaret Thatcher to help her win in 1979 General Election
A Glaswegian Ian MCCartney representing a Lancashire constituency created the Scottish national minimum wage
An Englishwoman Barbara Castle created Scottish equal pay
A Welshman Nye Bevan created the Scottish National Health Service
Clegg promises youth a bus fare cut if re-elected . Expect therefore a major bus fare increase if he is in power again .
Thats two resignations and four suspensions from Rotherham Council. And none from the South Yorks police.
Bassetlaw MP Says Martin Kimber Right to Resign http://t.co/j8uVG4BJlw
Sad news about Jim Dobbin MP. Was chatting to him just on Friday. Particularly important campaigner on misuse of prescription drugs.
Lambeth sex abuse. Your anonymity is absolutely guaranteed. If you have information then it is needed. Its time for justice.
The obvious chair of the national child abuse enquiry would be Alexis Jay
Oh no, new child abuse enquiry chair apparently lives in same street as Leon Brittan
Bassetlaw Labour canvass tomorrow 11 am
3,000 questionnaires distributed by volunteers across Bassetlaw during this week. More next week
Over 200 at my public meetings Thursday and today in Bassetlaw. Standing room only at both
It's moving. Formal police investigation under way into Lambeth sex abuse . Will be (re)giving evidence soon.
The child abuse appointment of Fiona Woolf and others looks sound to me. Will they get access to documents though?
Raised the concerns of @WorksopTownFC in Parliament this afternoon in debate on non-league football http://t.co/hVi89mWyM3
Introduction of ID cards for non UK passport holders should be at heart of #labour election manifesto
Everyone without a valid UK passport should be required to have an ID card
Events at Calais show the absurdity of failing to bring in identity cards in the UK
The same Bassetlaw Tories blocked new ground proposal for Worksop Town FC in 2009.
Worksop Town FC have support from Lee Westwood, Bruce Dickinson, Graham Taylor,l, but attempts to wreck club by local Tory Party
Tory snake called Isard trying to block support to Worksop Town FC former chair of planning
Rotherham Labour Party shows the need to open up Labour Party selections. My article for @ProgressOnline http://t.co/CtGcM2VtxH
China calls it 'interference' on Hong Kong, we call it democratic Parliamentary scrutiny
China attacks UK Parliament for questioning situation in H g Kong. That is what we do in democracies
No 10 running scared of epetition to take over South Yorks police if Sean Wright stays
Epetition on Sean Wright South Yorks police commissioner being removed is ruled out of order by 10 Downing Street
Pick some blackberries, buy some cream and my wife turns them into blackberry ice cream. 28 years of marriage and going strong.
@Keir_Starmer @Sanchia7 @YvetteCooperMP your proposal is bit a simple as you outline and misses the key CPS weaknesses if #CSA
Thank you for nominating me for #IceBucketChallenge I nominate Neil Taylor of @BassetlawDC & @nick_clegg
Bit annoyed, but NickClegg is the biggest waste of oxygen in these Isles
Messing with electoral registration is Nick Clegg's only new law. I swear an oath of loyalty to the Crown, but not good enough for Clegg
If you marry councils are refusing to reregister you on electoral roll as they cannot prove who you are ( Clegg's a Law)
Council wants proof of who I am to allow my electoral registration. I look forward to refund of all council tax paid in my name on my house
So we can ban football hooligans travelling abroad but not Muslim Jihadists going to Iraq and Syria?
A year ago Cameron wanted war against Assad. Now he wants war against the side he was previously backing. And next year?
If Sean Wright stays then gvt must take over South Yorks police
And another. Child rape allegation from this year. Police say it doesn't pass threshold for prosecution. But no prosecutor involved.
See my website http://t.co/MDgfE1h6FS for copy of my letter to Home Secretary requesting misconduct investigation into Shaun Wright
See my website www.johnmannmp for copy of my letter to Home Secretary requesting misconduct investigation into Shaun Wright
@alstewitn yes and also home secretary
Letter going early morning asking Home Secretary to refer my complaint of misconduct in public office (re Rotherham) to another police force
So Wright refuses to resign as police and crime commissioner. Tomorrow he receives my referral of him for criminal investigation .
The law is clear: Sean Wright and others can be charged with misconduct in public office. Referral to police/ home office tomorrow
Extraordinary: Notts police response to my sex abuse complaints today is a call from a press officer
Which South Yorkshire police leaders are to be sacked? #Rotherham
Never mind suspending Sean Wright, he needs kicking out of the Labour Party after his TV comments today
@AbusedinCare send details in confidence please . Action will begin
Outstanding journalism by Times Andrew Norfolk on Rotherham child abuse. Top investigative journalist in country
I hear Jason Clark is sniffing around Worksop Town again. Once bitten...
Local Government Chronicle award for 2007/8 management of children's services went to ..... Rotherham
Rotherham child abuse report is specific in its criticism of Sean Wrights inaction over child abuse reports
Sean Wrights position as police commissioner is totally untenable following Rotherham report into child abuse
IPPC refusing to review another decision to refuse to investigate child abuse. Outrageous.
Notts police are refusing to hear an appeal over their refusal to take action on historic sex abuse. Outrageous.
Meeting Notts Childrens Services this afternoon about unprosecuted child sec abuse cases raised with me
In 2002 Garvin Reed Labour Rotherham deputy leader was jailed after a prostitution scandal in the council
Honour in politics means you resign for scandal under your watch. If you turned a blind eye then you should face criminal investigation.
If there is wholesale abuse of children under your watch as politician responsible for children's safety then you resign.
Cllr Roger Stone of Rotherham had already announced he was standing down as council leader months agoq
Every Notts referral from Rotherham social services must be re-examined. Meeting council bosses tomorrow
No sackings in Rotherham council? Chief Executive should be sacked today for saying this
Stones resignation from Rotherham should be the first of many
Rotherhams extraordinary child abuse scandal shows why full public enquiry is needed urgently
A Minister to deal with violence against women. Good and appropriate move by Ed Miliband.
Any British citizen who fights for ISIS or any other terrorist organisation should lose their UK citizenship and passport
£20 per vote cast in West Mids police commissioner election. Waste of money. Abolish these posts and spend money on policing our streets.
Here is the irony. UKIP is just as dominated by the Metropolitan elite as the other parties
Not one of the newly elected local party Labour National Executive members comes from North of Oxford
Rennard: a man who represents everything that is wrong in UK politics. A walking advert for the need to abolish the House of Lords
@GuidoFawkes venezuala graffiti this week: be a patriot kill the Jews
The usual Macshane inability to remember the past or tell the truth. Not the first and doubtless not the last.
new graffiti this week: 'do your patriotic duty, kill the jews. 
Here we go again.
So Cilla  Black knows that Cliff Richard is innocent. Before police investigation is completed. Perhaps he is, but let them do their job.
Former MP @DenisMacShane tells #wato about his experiences in prison http://t.co/usEMlWOTHp” 
Oh how they love thieving journalists and MPs
Danny Alexander says low inflation is the norm. So too are falling real wages, rising energy costs and higher rail fares.
More anti semitic bile, this time also attacking me as homophobic for .. Err.. Challenging Maria Millers expenses.
The Bank of England is acting like a wing of this Government. Mortgage rates will go up hugely, but immediately AFTER the election
@lougarrett71 yes. Any detailed info is very relevant
Well done all Bassetlaw students for your brilliant successes in your exams. The new generation is outperforming your elders.
Time football finances were sorted and clubs not allowed to go mad and disappear #Hereford United
http://t.co/o93o3Sr5SA this is the new Tory Minister #scrapingthebarrel
Boston and Skegness Conservative Association scheduled meeting in mid August? I think not
British democracy: I have been refused access to signing in sheets by House of Lords despite alleging likely fraud
British democracy: my complaint about expenses fraud rejected by House of Lords. But police are investigating.
British democracy: I cannot put Parliamentary Questions about criminals in House of Lords under rules agreed by House of Lords
British democracy: I cannot raise any Parliamentary Questions about fiddling expenses in House of Lords under rules agreed by House of Lords
Here we go again. Government  to give free foil to heroin addicts. Who then share their smoke with others who then get addicted.
Here we go again as the usual bunch of Party cash donors and failed politicians join the House of Lords. Time to abolish this costly quango.
There is vacancy for Tory candidate in Bassetlaw. I will relish a fight with Boris Johnson
Call to centralise stroke care. But in Iceland survival rates are the highest anywhere and it is totally decentralised. One size fits all??
Random unsolicited abuse from Scottish cybernats overnight. Presume Alex Salmond was slaughtered in TV debate.
The Bishop of Gloucester is one if the few ever to resign from the House of Lords.
Another unprosecuted child rape allegation asking for my help. Why has the child sex abuse enquiry been delayed by Teresa May?
Tory donors about to make corrupt House of Lords bigger than Chinese Communist pretend assembly.  Cronies, and crooks. The unelectable.
Many thanks to @RoyalLondon the kids from @augustines_st had a great time yesterday at trent bridge http://t.co/7qc6rJbllp
Here is one for new defence secretary. Army hero badly injured in Afghan. Gvt refusing to give him his pension. This isn't going to go away
Riot at Ranby prison: gvt were warned by me and others
Rot at Ranby prison. Gvt can't claimed they were not warned by me and by others
Child abuse disputes now with following police forces: notts/ Cheshire/ northants and just from my constituency also Dozens others elsewhere
Yet another unprosecuted child abuse case today. This time Cheshire police and CPS. Both hopelessly useless. Yet another challenge under way
Suicides at Ranby Prison were disaster waiting to happen. Warnings that management at Ranby was in meltdown ignored http://t.co/jYbaISdRvS
Ranby prison: prison officer May 2010 were 488. Today 400. Suicides 0 to 4. Prison officers repeatedly forced out by mgmt
Specific problem was left untouched about staff shifts following Ken Clarke's savage cuts at Ranby prison
Prisons minister was warned about staff cuts, staff morale and weak mgmt by me and others at Ranby prison
@NoOffenceCIC you have no idea whatsoever about the local area to make such abusive comments.
@NoOffenceCIC my policy is always to put rude people to bottom of the pile. 99.99% are polite and they take priority.
@NoOffenceCIC this organisation is too pompous to dirty its hands by answering telephones. Note no local people ever featured.
@NoOffenceCIC typical public service privatisers. No idea what goes on locally
No man loved his country more than my father. A true Scot from Niddrie. He opposed the Nats with his every deed and breath. better together
“@itvnews: French minister attacks David Cameron 'hypocrisy' over Russia http://t.co/xEqv8nir81 http://t.co/CQuNdpalHd
Pay back the money.
Come on David Cameron. Pay back the  Tory donations from Putins pals
David Cameron's approach:Tough in Putin, tough on Putins pals . But thanks for the donation, I will keep that. Anyone for tennis?
Come in David Cameron, pay back your donations from Putins pals
Disgusted at solicitors who insulted the miners they were supposed to help:  http://t.co/aHIqNfAL5K
Have received some answers from Gov. on child abuse. The Official Secrets Act needs to be lifted on Dickens file: http://t.co/HiIlmS8wCR
Cameron to freeze Russian oligarchs assets? Bet he doesn't dare include Chelsea FC. That would send a clear message.
BNP pariah Griffin. Good bye and good riddance loser.
Look out for lots of government bad news being sneaked out tomorrow to avoid Parliamentary scrutiny
Parliament vanishes for early hols tomorrow. My office will not be closing.
All the talk about Qatar and the world cup, but the next one is in Russia
Economic sanctions on Russians? How about freezing their football assets?
Travel restrictions on Russians? No 1 should be Putin.
Another sex exploitation scandal locally. Alleged offender used legal threats to intimidate before . Wont work with me.
Parliament should'nt close for summer break If its proven that Russian forces shot down plane  #NottsPost http://t.co/L6xFuCpciL via @po_st
Policy for Labour: you will serve whatever prison sentence you get with added time for bad behaviour
Policy for Labour: gvt and big businesses will have to pay small businesses on time
Policy for Labour: all politicians avoiding tax will be banned for life
Policy for Labour: we will make fraud and imprisonable offence
Policy for Labour: we will trust teachers, doctors and public sector workers and pay them fairly
Few earth shattering policies for #Labour: we will rebuild the NHS and free it from privatisation
Too many cllrs are arguing that privatisation of public services works. They then get paid more to manage complex contracts. Convenient  eh?
Closure of Worksop Magistrates Court is a disaster for the principle of local justice http://t.co/xuxkZ2ElL8 via @po_st
@2020Comms @angiebUK @SimonDanczuk every bit of bravery counts in exposing child abuse.
So will we be welcoming Putin to the UK this September at the G8 summit?
Parliamentary Recess should be delayed if proved that Malaysian plane was shot down by Russian govt http://t.co/JQfMSqDR9Q
If Russia/Russian missiles have shot down passenger plane as being suggested Europe enters a new unchartered  era . Parl recess on hold
What does Tory cllr and Dickens agent John Hudson have to say about Geoffreys missing dossier?
What did gvt whip and Rochdale MP jack McCann have to say about Smith allegations in 1969?
Toilet troubles update: Libs taking responsibility for Bath toilet lock in, but washing their hands of Michael Gove
Tory Bath council lock man in toilet for 24 hours. Presumably not Michael Gove?
@David_Cameron crime is down because there ate no police to arrest and no courts to prosecute. Get out more and see the damage you cause.
Update: I have now tabled two further questions on child abuse + the Geoffrey Dickens files. Read them here: http://t.co/HiIlmS8wCR
Just read @DArcyTiP on Frank Beck, david Leigh on Jonathan Aitken and Cyril Smiths autobiography. All essential background material
@johnbenner3 you obviously don't attend court. Arriving at 1 pm is three hours too late. See my website for the detail
David Cameron logic: close the court, cut police. No one gets arrested or charged. Then ( recorded) crime comes down. Cameron lauds success.
Worksop police station being touted for sale as it us 'too big' which is because Cameron has given police officers compulsory A19 redundancy
Worksop criminal court to close. Victims invited to share same one train to Mansfield Court as offenders. Thanks  Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg.
Apparently someone calked David Jones is no longer in Cameron's cabinet. I never knew he was in it in the first place. Anyone ever seen him?
Nick Clegg in feeble panic over his government's bedroom tax this morning #headingfor5thpartystatus
It is the right of the victim and only the victim to decide when and if specific issues of child abuse are made public.
My evidence on Lambeth child abuse was given to the police in 1988 and repeated this year. Evidence against one politician is overwhelming.
I can verify that in 1988 police investigations into child abuse and corruption in Lambeth were blocked
Good news all my Parliamentary questions on Dickens now tabled after help from parliamentary officials. Let's see what answers I get.
@PlanetCath I am investigating
Notts County Council falsely briefing press while they investigate how many child abuse files they destroyed
The tamest most uninspired reshuffle of all time. Lots if wasters and no hopers now have Ministerial office. Miliband cant believe his luck
Its good news that the FCA is clamping down on the Payday lenders http://t.co/MdFTz84UZs
Big rise in inflation just announced up from 1.5 to 1.9 . Bad news for industry and mortgages
Premature Labour cheers ad Cameron moves to win back teachers
Pay day loans still a big danger- increasingly to teenagers ' I will wonga a pizza'
FCA cap on pay day loan interest charges is a very welcome and significant move . Now needs more local authority powers on locations
I have tabled a number of Parliamentary questions regarding child abuse and the Official Secrets Act. Full list here: http://t.co/HiIlmS8wCR
I have used Parliamentary privilege to name drug dealers, Keeping informant anonymous. It worked and will with child abuse.
One major issue in child abuse scandal is blackmailing of cowardly MPs who saw things or knew things but said nothing to advance themselves
An appropriate Judge to replace Butler-Sloss would be Lady Hale.
People unsuited to replace Butler- Sloss no 1 any ex Cabinet Secretary ; no 2 any ex MP.; no. 3 any ex Security Services official
No 10 knew there were conflicts of interest. The reason Butler-Sloss was appointed will itself become a major issue. Events beginning to run
@LDaviesEJ send email (direct) or letter. So many coming forward that I need it written down. Thanks
It is appropriate that Justice Butler-Sloss has stood down. Her replacement cannot be connected to any of the names being investigated.
Looks like #CSA child abuse developments tomorrow. Watch gvt using reshuffle as cover.
Only 7 police appear to be working on Operation Fernbridge, about 193 fewer than on Plebgate. One rule for one, another for the rest
There are only a limited number of MPs and peers living in Dolphin Square in the 1980s
@aitchisondavid either withdraw your libel or face the consequences you pathetic little man
Butler-Sloss has big questions to answer on Shamed Bishop Ball. Answers needed next week
The cover up worsens as Parliament refuses to accept my questions to Ministers on Geoffrey Dickens
Parliament refusing to accept questions on Geoffrey Dickens
Reshuffle news: Grant Shapps office in court fine scandal. Bye bye.
Hatfield Conservative Club fined by court over financial returns http://t.co/C4HMwChm2X
@Sanchia7 in fact ring me this weekend
@Sanchia7 thank you. Lets sit down next week
more Notts allegations emerging re child abuse today. Three calls already. Confirms my suspicions. Parliamentary questions already going in
Notts County Council child abuse files destroyed AFTER abuse allegations resurfaced
No answer yet about how many files destroyed by Notts County Council involving child abuse
Notts County Council offering 9000 to child abuse victims but admitting no liability
On Monday Nottm court Beechwood children's home abuse. No prosecutions for 100 victims. County Council denying liability
Councils discriminating against Parkinsons sufferers re voting at elections. Shocking
Tomorrow I will be tabling a wide range of parliamentary questions on child abuse. Time for the gloves off with some silent gvt departments
@jane738 CPS are as accountable to the public as everyone else and my job includes helping hold them to account
Thank you to those with child abuse information who have already come forward. Its time for everyone to speak up (in total confidence )
Looking for two ex union reps one in Richmond one in Manchester who have old files whistleblowing child abuse. We need them
There will be copies of the dossier within govt depts. Its not credible that they have all been destroyed http://t.co/68swo40TmY via @GMB
I'm joining @BCCampaign in the fight to beat breast cancer #spreadtheword http://t.co/1K3uOxnbYO
@vicderbyshire thank you for all you have done for those needing a voice. Please continue this.
Just written demanding CPS and police pursue prosecution in the SIX child rape cases brought to me by constituents. Not one case prosecuted
Tomorrow gives the chance to ask detailed but crucial written questions of government on child abuse. All on the record.
When a constituent tells me they were raped as a child, I believe them. It takes real bravery to ask for help , especially from an MP
Out there are people who have evidence on child abuse. Hiding away now will not be forgiven.
It was only a small bit of evidence. But I was very pleased to be able to help police with two alleged MP child abusers today
How can social services files on kids alleging repeated child rape be routinely destroyed? Notts County Council enquiry now needed.
There is a change in expectations after Rolf Harris got jailed. The child abusers are beginning to be nervous. Time for more arrests.
More police investigated Pleb-gate than historic child abuse. Teresa May get a grip
All DfES investigations into child protection issues in Notts stopped after Tim Loughton was sacked
The 1988 Lambeth police files have clearly disappeared. As have the Notts police 1990s files and the Notts Social services files.
The 1988 lambeth corruption and sex ring investigation included allegations against several significant politicians
The. 1988 police investigations into Lambeth corruption and child sex rings were blocked by 'pressure from above'
Outrageous that the Tories are using taxpayers' money to underwrite the business deals of their friends in tax havens http://t.co/kAseqhPPBN
Which journalists are speaking to Geoffrey Dickens former agent and his former secretary? Someone should be.
Seeking Hayley Graham and Jack Organ ex Lambeth council. Anyone know their whereabouts?
I have child abuse victims in my area being denied justice. I am damned if ex MPs are going to get away with anything.
The cover ups on child abuse looks bigger than that attempted on MPs expenses. Too many people keeping their heads down
Why was @timloughton sacked and who pressed for him to go? Very big question now.
@colinsmartone @NHSwhistleblowr indeed please pass on any suggestions for closer investigation to mannj@parliament.UK or ring me 02072193000
Geoffrey Dickens agent is still politically active
Former journalists who investigated child abuse need to come forward with their old notebooks, including South London press journalists
Just when @5live needs more women presenters it sacks some of the very best. Same old boys club.
If there is no public enquiry into historic child abuse then some MPs will gave to set up their own. Count me in.
Child sex abuse cover ups were endemic in the 1980s . Time to shine the light.
I have donated and added my support for the People's March for the NHS. Find out more, and add your support, here: https://t.co/9B6hOLAPdl
Why politicians should leave health to the experts, and stop scandalous NHS sell-off. My article for @M_Star_Online http://t.co/OmKfqSJUZe
Have just donated to support the People's March for the NHS. Find out more, donate and support here: https://t.co/9B6hOLAPdl #saveourNHS
Stop the NHS sell-off scandal - and why politicians don't know best. My article for @M_Star_Online http://t.co/yPuWy2F9E7
Naive Political immaturity in Parliamentary Labour Party in knocking Dennis Skinner off NEC in election year
Now is not the time for a second-rate Cabinet member - we need an experienced civil servant for UK EU Commissioner http://t.co/zSlWfN6XL8
The next UK EU Commissioner? Time for an expert, not a second-rate member of the Cabinet. Here are five good choices: http://t.co/3pqqjYAJ99
Bob Jones West Mids PPC and CAMRA. Decent man, real grass roots leader. RIP
@Markfergusonuk time for the substitutes to shore up the defence then. Or fresh legs up front
Big meeting with privatised Notts NHS staff and #Unison
Thatcher entertained Saville 11 years running at Chequers. Where are the security reports and details of all communications?
It is time for an inquiry into payday lenders after Wonga's admission of appalling practices http://t.co/Vp6pBF3jHn
@BBCLookNorth we will have IKEA in Worksop if Sheffield doesn't want them
Hope that Chuka Umunna will come + lead an IT skills lesson in my constituency. My alternative anti-UKIP propsals: http://t.co/pTJjgWqqi0
@discovery77_ yes
Meaningless polemical rhetoric from Liam Fox today on terrorism
@ambler_andy @steveyemm happy to meet staff on this terrible decision
Everyone getting football blues. I'm backing Italy to deliver. But can we beat Costa Rica?
@redstarneil @ChukaUmunna @LabourList good idea we will be up for that
I have whole classes at school who have never seen a major sports event live. Any corporates want to enrich kids lives?
Look at Big Lottery and Arts Council and see how incredibly little goes into working class Britain
@ChukaUmunna fails to differentiate between Metropolitan elite and London. This is part of the big problem.
Peter Ridsdale Ken Bates David Haigh Massimo Cellino. Am beginning to suspect a cunning plan.
Yes you read it right: apparently Mr Bean is running things at Leeds United #lufc
I hear that one Graham Bean is the main advisor to #lufc
Every day from tomorrow until July I am highlighting a quote from Aneurin Bevan. Please suggest your favourites
Attempt to privatise Notts school nurses foiled by GPs and District Councils
Farage forms European bloc and secures funds of €14m from an organisation he doesn't believe in http://t.co/aqAJ6Fj08u via @FT
Notts County council making extraordinary repeated claim that GPs are private businesses and no different from privatised NHS providers
Views of service users, families and staff secretly excluded in Notts County Council decision to privatise NHS services
Most cllrs  not consulted over secret Notts County Council decision to privatise NHS services. Doctors meeting this morning . #saveourNHS
More to be revealed about Notts County Council privatisation tomorrow. Its both astonishing and very damning #handsoffourNHS
My call for former miners to come forward after compensation court case http://t.co/8h0rYyskKZ
It seems that Notts County Council trusts Chairman of the Lawn Tennis Association over local GPs to deliver treatment http://t.co/qbMvjJM2Qp
Notts County Council privatise local treatment services in shameful submission to Government austerity agenda http://t.co/qbMvjJM2Qp
Reports of Notts County Council privatising health services to company chaired by tennis association chair, with 14 m in bank profits of 2 m
We cannot continue policy of non-engagement with those in the political space that only UKIP has been seen to enter http://t.co/O05WDcAAXO
We have to bridge the metropolitan elite that runs the Labour Party and our potential voters outside London http://t.co/15qCqOaq2Z
My outline of a decisive programme for Labour to reconnect with working class voters http://t.co/15qCqOaq2Z
Ministers need to get a grip of the passport application backlog – now no-one will answer the MPs hotline number! #HMPassportOffice
British values in British schools? What like back stabbing your cabinet colleagues? Time Gove spent a month teaching .
My original question still remains unanswered: what's the point of Nick Clegg?
Newark 2010 boundary change: Retford to Bassetlaw (11/12 labour cllrs) Rampton to Newark ( lab 8% worst ward by far) Tory Bingham to Newark
Hundreds of wild horses at Cotopaxi base camp. Justgiving.comTRBLEcuador2014
Have you heard the one about the three MPs who went up a volcano? Sponsor our British Legion climb here: http://t.co/6O8dPzxDOF
@Manwithaview1 @worksoptownfc click on the link for all the information you need http://t.co/6KLxwXSBWa
I'm backing @worksoptownfc fight for survival and have joined the #500club
@deletedbyMPs that's the fourth time you've got it wrong .
Last thing a dog walker or horse rider wants on a country lane is to be faced by a Tory MP in a land rover
Tory called Mcartney from lincoln  intends off roading on bridle ways in Bassetlaw on Friday. He is not not welcome.
@DanJohnsonNews exactly what happened in 1972 leeds v Birmingham
At 13776ft summit of Pasochoa - raising funds to help soldiers' rehabilitation http://t.co/Payh2sw5bG http://t.co/G3eceec27H
Team photo at Pasochoa on British Legion Expedition http://t.co/Payh2sw5bG http://t.co/GYkZEbuVdM
At summit of 4,200 metre inactive volcano with team including injured soldiers. Part of British Legion charity climb http://t.co/Payh2sw5bG
Just reached summit of Pasochoa in British Legion charity expedition. Find out more and sponsor here: http://t.co/Payh2sw5bG #BattleBack
We beat UKIP by taking the fight to UKIP
Sound breakfast in Quito at start of Battle Back expedition
This issue for Labour is not about a leadership battle but whether Shadow Cabinet steps up to the mark and includes working class aspiration
I can confirm I have had very positive discussions on Friday with Mark Shaw over the future of WorksopTown Football Club
@paulwaugh that is the big issue in British politics
Labour drew false comfort before 1992 'just one more push'. It would be foolish to repeat that error. We ignore UKIP at our peril.
some good news: no Griffin or BNP elected. Good riddance.
Mmm, Labour official briefing calls results excellent. Pointy heads in the sand.
There needs to be criminal charges over Barclays fraud in fixing gold prices
BBC News - Barclays Bank fined £26m for gold price fixing http://t.co/izP7CIPBKN
dont ignore this massive new banking scandal today
@David_Llew exactly and understand the lost 97s
I will have a lot to say about #labour and our electoral strategy after the Bassetlaw results around mid day-1pm.
Worksop north west ward. Borders Rotherham. Straight labour v ukip. Ukip candidate held seat as an independent for 8 years. Result around 12
Former Leeds MD arrested in Dubai http://t.co/mmvOcg0GnX  Haigh runs the Tory Party abroad in the Gulf
Last week there we found  20 Ukip leaflets displayed in windows across Bassetlaw. Today a majority of them have been taken down.
I know of just one Romanian in Bassetlaw . He is a church pastor . He can offer Nigel Farage bible classes to teach him about Christianity
Police have requested and been sent footage of the Helmer incident
PHOTO - UKIP's Roger Helmer as he wrestles with a man asking questions about his expenses (C/O @SallyOutram ) http://t.co/wkcS3nij4o
UKIP's Roger Helmer responds to a question about his expenses http://t.co/IkVDu7hR79
@PaulBrandITV @RogerHelmerMEP new photos pretty clear
Two years ago he nearly lost his arm in the steelworks, today he faced Roger Helmer's anger at being questioned on expenses
Ukip Roger Helmer picked wrong protestor to wrestle with: police cttee member with severed arm from industrial injury. Today in Retford
Ukips Roger Helmer broke off press interview to lunge across precinct at expenses protestor in Retford this afternoon
Ukip Rogers Helmer's response to questions about his expenses is to attack protestor in Retford. Now with police
Roger Helmer's campaign team supporter just filmed hitting expenses sleaze  protestor in Retford .
Ukip member just assaulted bassetlaw protestor against expenses sleaze. On camera. Victim is police cttee member. Retford town centre
Would be UKIP councillor today refused to vote for them in Bassetlaw. Sees them as too extreme.
5th case of parents unable to get a passport for a child to go on holiday in the last three weeks
@LBC's Richard O'Brien asked Nigel Farage the critical questions that other journalists have failed to ask.
@MrHarryCole dont know yet. Soon I hope.
@MrHarryCole anti- semitism
Government finally backs my calls to end big bonuses at Network Rail. Time now to focus on safety at level crossings http://t.co/NRwB5GIJjK
Out canvassing in Rhodesia tonight #labourdoorstep
Out again in Newark Tuxford . No sign of other parties #labourdoorstep
Anyone coming to help win Tuxford ward in Newark for #labour for first time in many years?
Good Julian Lewis lost . Does nobody remember his Newham  Labour escapades?
Today I wrote to the Fire Minister calling on him to meet with firefighters and find a fair end to pensions dispute: http://t.co/59xYqdMjnC
Great support for injured soldiers Battle Back expedition with one exception: British Airways. Time they removed the name British.
'Clocking in' Lord Hanningfield only banned for a year. Serial benefits cheat would get significant prison sentence http://t.co/uo6O3Tu8uF
One year ban for Lord Hanningfield is hopelessly inadequate. Life time ban only appropriate punishment http://t.co/uo6O3Tu8uF
#Garybarlow holding back the tears. Never forget that everything changes. It only takes a minute. So pay your tax bill Take That.
@daily_politics has great footage of me v Roger Helmer on his 'attempts to be EU foreign secretary' in his Korean and other trips
Roger Helmer's attempts to represent the EU in a visit to North Korea are a fascinating insight into the former Tory.
Nigel Farage bottled Newark because he feared losing, either now or even if he won, then at the General Election. It is all about his ego.
By picking Roger Helmer in Newark, Nigel Farage shows that he does not want a rival sharing his publicity by being elected as an MP
@chammies @sinbadsime happy to go this summer
Bassetlaw team of 20 hits Newark campaign trail in target council ward of Tuxford #labourdoorstep
Newark by-election June 5. Good luck to excellent Labour candidate @MichaelPayneUK . Good local man.
“@guardian: Hugh Muir's diary: Mr Farage, let migrants know – can they stay or must they go?:  http://t.co/5rqWdgGT3f” including Mrs Farage
@MichaelPayneUK Labour's candidate for Newark represents the fresh new face of politics. Excellent candidate.
Big team from Bassetlaw out with Labours Newark candidate Michael Payne tonight
Labour Party ready for action in Tuxford. All ready for Newark by election http://t.co/qTszK1xpdC
Farage has bottled it. He hasn't got the courage to stand in a first past the post election http://t.co/zWjxWwtTmv
Farage bottles it yet again. More about his ego than the EU these days
Right first time: earliest date for Newark by election is June 5
@Iain_33 no time limits, but in reality they have to call it quickly or they will be called chicken
If writ is moved tomorrow by election will be 29 May, otherwise 5 June unless Tories delay writ
@ValerieLamb @AFCFYLDE come on Tigers
Earliest possible by election date for Newark is June 5 th
Canvas today in Newark by my activists. Labour vote strong and growing, very few ukip, Tory vote unsure
@jameschappers big boundary change 2010
Newark by election cannot be on Euro election day
Expectation of Patrick Mercer resigning- Newark by election looms
On International Workers' Memorial Day, my article on migrant workers in Qatar for @ProgressOnline: http://t.co/PIQbCcFKV4
Why UKIP is the party of Thatcherism, not the party of the working class, my article for GMB magazine (page 8): http://t.co/8Ate8X4awX
The real face of Nigel Farage: Thatcherism. My article for @GMB_union magazine - go to page 8: http://t.co/8Ate8X4awX
So will Nigel Farage send his German wife back home and repay the benefits she claimed?
“@BBCNews: UKIP leader @Nigel_Farage tells @bbcnickrobinson his German wife is not taking another Briton's job. oh pull the other one Farage
May 16th Bassetlaw primary school kids present their WW1 graves condition report to head of Commonwealth War Graves Commission.
@TheSunNewspaper Bassetlaw primary school kids have surveyed every WW1 grave and returned detailed report to me for action
Someone should remind Evans about Stuart Hall and the impact of His victims
“@BBCNormanS: Nigel Evans calls for possible "statute of limitation" to restrict historic sex assault cases” 
Evans is unfit to be an MP
Lib Dem MPs presume they cannot be wiped out at the election. In my canvassing it is very rare that we find a single Lib Dem voter.
@bircotesboy mine had 256,000 miles on the clock. Had been hoping to get to the 300k mark
My wonderful old battered Citreon Picasso has gone to meet its maker. RIP you old giant
Another Tory resigns, this time David Haigh from Leeds United.
XX,JohnMannMP,John Mann MP,574,45,1
