@malcolmbruce
Alex Salmond challenged to ‘put up or shut up’ over plans for general election http://t.co/vG7Naeul77
@DPMoffice @sa_cullen Glad to have chaired an inspirational event.
@STVNews in search of a new seat? But donation only while he's an MSP. Then what?
Many thanks to all who came to my surprise party and the cards & greetings from so many friends and colleagues. Almost worth the milestone!
@HolyroodDaily Can't balance budget when it is spending only!
@politicshome he doesn't want to hold UK parties feet to the fire. He wants to burn the House down!
@nedsimons @HuffPostUKPol                    Is that why he didn't turn up at the Aberdeenshire count after Indy overwhelmingly rejected?
@malcolmbruce EU High Rep agrees with me that post Ebola legacy must be effective health systems.
Asking EU High Rep how she will tackle ISIS and Ebola http://t.co/kazwTyyYeM
@Cajardine
@Cajardine how low can he go. Gordon voted No!
Coalition have increased public funding to NHS. SNP have failed to pass it on.
Audit report and crisis facts for NHS Grampian show NHS Scotland is not safe in SNP hands.
"Leave no one behind" must include respect and rights for older people.
@politicshome Laying the foundation for Home Rule and securing Scotland's place in the United Kingdom.
Welcome fall in Gordon unemployment to 0.5 per cent.
Respect Bill Howatson resignation. Chronic underfunding is NHS Grampian's main problem.
Democrats should recognise that Scotland voted No
@ScotlandTonight That's why SNP need to be put back in their box.
SNP have never worked with others to get best deal for Scotland. It's separation or bust!
@HuffPostUKPol These people will not accept popular will or rest until they have torn the uK apart. Let's stop them.
Salmond makes clear. SNP will never stop seeking break up of the UK or accept any settlement short of full independence.
@ftwestminster Edinburgh (like Scotland ) voted No
Approached at airport to be told "Lib Dems doing well in Government. Thanks." Straw in the wind?
Support the people of Gordon by voting for Amendment 4.
Had a stimulating meeting with Asraf Ghani at his home in Kabul few years ago. Wish him well in tough role as President.
Tories threaten UK's reputation for leadership as a beacon of freedom and justice to world's oppressed people
BA oversell City route they are killing off and then have 2 hour delay on Heathrow. Flight. Pretty poor'
@glenninnes I support food banks but objected to using the Trussel Trust's commitment as reason to vote Yes.
@Independent Constructive and helpful?I thought not.
Voters said NO by over 60% in Aberdeenshire. Duped or seen through Salmond at last? Vote SNP and get UDI. No Thanks!
On top of Lochnagar (3786ft) in memory of our dear friend Andy Smith. http://t.co/louDFdtXAd
I and my family are climbing Lochnagar Sun in memory of our late dear friend Andy. Show your support http://t.co/XRnZ8Bjr3g
I earnestly hope Yes supporters will work to help us all build a constitutional settlement that will serve Scotland and the UK and will last
Referendum marks the way forward to building the Federal UK Liberal Democrats have long called for.
Brilliant Aberdeenshire result. Thanks to the North East for their comon sense rejection of the SNP
If Salmond wants a properly funded health service why have the SNP not delivered? Why is NHS Grampian in crisis today? Vote No Thanks!
Better Together hold their ground in Inverurie. No Thsnks! http://t.co/2BOPKP0OJT
Independence is not on sale or return. It's for keeps. Vote No Thanks!
Ebola epidemic escalating. International community should respond to Obama's message.
Spanish PM makes it clear. If Yes wins Scotland will have no voice in EU in 18 months.
On Today programme Salmond blusters, patronises but offers no answers as usual on key questions. To keep the £ vote No,, Thanks
To ask people to launch a new country with no currency, no bank, no reserves and no means of financial support is utterly irresponsible
Breaking up NHS will weaken it and increase NE recruitment problems.
@LydiaReidYES this is not really true. It is overwhelmingly on one side.
Overwhelming support for No Thanks on doorsteps in Kintore this afternoon.
Positive strong response on No Thanks stalls I was at in Huntly, Kintore and Inverurie.
RBS move. Substance is what matters. Not who announced it or when.
"@rabd_1967: @UK_Together @blairmcdougall perfect sentiment tonall you anti scottish racist fucks" Nice people to share Indy Scotland with!
@HuffPostUKPol Would you want to live in a country like this?
Waiting to speak in House in support of Michael Moore's bill to enshrine 0.7 % official development assistance into law.
Come of it Eck. For Home Rule you have to vote No.
@paulmasonnews Devolution of Income Tax, Stamp Duty,Landfill Tax and borrowing powers already enacted in 2012
“@thelawyercatrin: Exclusive: Top Scottish law firm shifts cash to English banks ahead of referendum: http://t.co/UHWk1TOJ8a”No surprise!
Salmond does not lead Team Scotland. He has divided Scotland.
Why does BBC insist on calling ISIL Islamic State?  It isn't one and shouldn't be credited as one
SNP lies over NHS. Failed to pass on Barnett funds. Obsession with Indy leaves NHS Scotland in crisis esp in NE http://t.co/erP8mL1lPE
Great reception for Lib Dem and No thanks in Huntly and Bridge of Don today. http://t.co/TwHKldL42b
Yes posters fly posted on public land. No Thanks posters vandalised on private land. Spot the difference.
Great response to student Lib Dems at Aberdeen University Freshers' Fayre.
@jeffmcw jersey is not independent
@scottishlabour @MichaelWhite @AlexSalmond So it is all about  SNP
Well made case for Federal United Kingdom by Graham Allen MP. Let's vote No to make it happen.
Ellon tonight  76% no 24% Yez http://t.co/CqGewfr5Aw
Sorry to hear Labour MP Jim Dobbin died. Worked with him on anti pneumonia drive. Very decent man.
I support food banks. I object to using them to justify Yes vote. Will always be some people who need and deserve their support.
Inverurie has 0.6% unemployment, earnings 20% above UK average, child poverty 1/3 of London and a Food Bank!    Charity or politics?
Murdoch and Salmond arm in arm! Is that the Scotland Yes voters want? Might be what they get!
So sorry to hear of passing of @daftquine I have missed her tweets and know she will be mourned. Condolences to her family.
http://t.co/0ulXElvFfs
Why throw away what we achieve together for a dangerously uncertain future? Who will benefit from destroying the United Kingdom. Think!
NHS spending has risen steadily and been squandered by SNP. Budget deficit would decimate NHS Scotland if we vote Yes
SNP conned voters into electing MPs at Westminster. How can they justify salary and not vote on key UK issue they have milked relentlessly?
Lib Dems called for room subsidy review  and funding for hardship and have acted on the review.
To quote Keynes when the facts change I change my mind. What do you do?
Tories not just nasty on spare room subsidy but determined to be seen to be REALLY nasty.
shared a link https://t.co/zoG2QORYVT
@garryq @theSNP 
Seems the Yes campaign echoes Putin (much admired by Alex Salmond)
@Novorossiyan @garryq @theSNP 

I am gobsmacked. The Yes campaign is being enthusiastically backed by the Russian separatists in Ukraine.
SNP wants us to wrap ourselves in a tartan comfort blanket and hope the real world goes away. Surely Scotland is bigger than that.
SNP are failing  to maintain health and education standards, putting police under political control and ending corroboration. Yes? No fear.
@GerryHassan and Lib Dems have not agreed to it (and been routinely attacked by Daily Mail for doing so..
Scotland needs to be securely part of UK intelligence and security. Scotland not free from jihadist threat.
Lib Dems in coalition have delivered radical reform of tax and pensions and defended human rights - all good for Scotland.
Independent Scotland could match research budget but not the academic value of UK wide peer assessment.
Trident is funded out of  2 PC of GDP defence budget which is NATO obligation Yes supports. Savings have to stay in Defence budget.
More young people from poorer backgrounds in England going to university than ever before , Nicola
Lets be clear SNP/ Yes is just an anti Tory coalition. This is a decision for EVER & Lib Dems deliver a stronger economy/ fairer society.
How would Scotland compete with rUK with higher wages, higher taxes, higher interest rates Yes vote could deliver?
What would interest rates be in a Scotland with no currency, no central bank and no credit rating?
Faced with global insecurity it's no time to break up UK
Scotland out of EU, rUK in or Scotland in EU rUK out both equal disaster. We need to keep UK market together!
Seems Yes businesses just lie about role of UK Embassies charging Scots. Perhaps they don't travel.
Salmond's three Plan Bs on currency just compound the confusion. No thanks
Great 3rd Don crossing about to start despite sustained Labour opposition.
Cost of Trident is part of defence budget's 2 per cent NATO commitment  which SNP also committed to. Can't go to welfare budget.
How many naval ships would an independent Scotland have, what would they cost and would that compromise welfare spending?
Glen Campbell seems to have totally lost control of the show.
Who delivered the Scottish Parliament and further tax powers Alex? Not the SNP who just hurled abuse.
Health spending has increased under coalition. Unison statements untrue,
Tactic of shouting down Darling doesn't conceal Salmond cannot and won't answer any questions
Labour cut health spending in Wales while coalition had increased health spending and passed increases to Scotland.
Pity SNP have mismanaged their operational control of the NHS in Scotland despite increased funding through Barnett.
On Salmond's proposition Yes vote would leave us less economically independent than we are now.
Using the £ is not the same as a currency union. Any economist (bar one) knows that.
Salmond's assertion that a Yes vote will secure a currency union is an insult to our intelligence. It's not in his gift.
@VeIvetRose That's because he only has a spending budget and had no power to borrow.
Now clear. A Yes vote would deliver a long term nightmare of confusion and uncertainty on many fronts. We have best of both worlds. Vote No.
@SkyNews
Hannah Miley wins Scotland's first swimming gold at the 2014 Commonwealth Games - via @Telegraph http://t.co/LGBi0IUCA5
VACANCY: Parliamentary researcher to Sir Malcolm Bruce MP - Maternity Leave Cover http://t.co/grEynvFW6Q
Weir rant does not disguise fact that Indy Scotland would be excluded from UK universal mail service. Ask Ireland
Unanswerable challenge to Mike Weir MP about threat to universal mail service if Scotland votes for independence.
Just pressed the case for upgrade of rail investment between Aberdeen and Edinburgh to the East Coast Mainline consortium .
Unemployment down in Gordon to 0.6% - 649th lowest out of 650 constituencies.
Have just raised BA's axing of Aberdeen to London City route in debate. Called-on BA to meet business community.
Just secured PM's support for campaign to keep BA's Aberdeen to London City link.
@Cajardine
Trading from outside EU means being bound by EU rules with no say in making them?
Can Tories be trusted to fight for Britain's interests in the EU or just what they think is popular?
Welcome cancer centre promise does not address current serious NHS problems. Grampian needs more funding and less ministerial meddling.
PMQs not pretty. Labour, Tories, SNP all crawled for Murdoch support. Lib Dems did not.
@themozartproj @lordbonkers
Just finished constructive IDC meeting with President Ellen Johnson Surleaf of Liberia
SNP have no right to draft a constitution. Shd be matter for representative convention. So vote no to stop this arrogance.
Who delivered the Scottish Parliament and Calman, Alex? Not the SNP - but the UK parties you deride.
Moving funeral service for Maitland Mackie, patriarch of a family which is the true heart of Aberdeenshire.
Road to Referendum meeting Sat 2pm Kirk Centre Upper Hall. Ellon with Malcolm Bruce and Christine Jardine. All welcome.
Evening Standard Coverage of my QS debate speech in the Commons: http://t.co/6xcCvS8rM2 #QueensSpeech
Positive verdict on the Coalition by Peter Oborne worth reading: http://t.co/eZqNuWEXAW #QueensSpeech
QS: Busy year ahead for Coalition on tax and pension reform, business and North Sea... http://t.co/0Gkf7sTDyb
I welcome leading @libdems role in QS- delivering on tax cuts, pension reform & important Wood review measures for North Sea #QueensSpeech
Maitland Mackie's enthusiasm, humour and humanity will be irreplaceable. He was a great Liberal and a great Scot.
Aberdeenshire - from mountain to sea http://t.co/KhKqBrAOOq via @youtube
Liberal Democrat EP vote up in Aberdeenshire. Well done team!
Last night's Any Questions repeated today after 1 pm News on Radio 4 #bbcaq
Heading to Huntly for Road to Referendum meeting at Stewart's Hall 2 pm
Like income tax down. pensions up, more apprentices, schools support? It's the Liberal Democrats that did it.
@edfordham Utterly mystified. Have only praised work and commitment of local councillors in the 9 interviews so far.
@edfordham I did no such thing. I thanked them for local commitment and commiserated where they had lost.
Congratulations Sabrina Thompson, Angelika Schneider, Ian Swales & Redcar team on great by-election victory! http://t.co/enskEGepSJ
@caronmlindsay iiu
How come no consultation with.All Energy delegates and exhibitors? Seems fishy!
Great campaigning with local candidate Sabrina Thompson & Euro candidate Angelica Schneider in Redcar with Ian Swales http://t.co/4Fhj1HVB8i
Just finished campaigning with local by election candidate Sabrina Thompson and Euro candidate Angelika Schneider http://t.co/XUWNaqrYV7
Campaigning for  Sabrina Thompson. in Dormanstown Ward Redcar http://t.co/XRPUhEt4Lu
Lib Dems have done more than any party - especially the SNP - to deliver a Scottish Parliament & more tax powers. SNP walked out every time
Salmond doesn't seem to understand. B of England is UK's not Scotland's & MPC is economic not geographical. No room for Scots observer.
@blairmcdougall  ##
Poll of pol
Yes not credible if cannot say what they would do outside currency union. They cannot leave Scotland in limbo - or can they
@malcolmbruce Road to Referendum event on Saturday at 2pm St Mary's Church Hall, Inverurie. Come along to find out about #indyref
DWP will work with deaf organisations on Access to Work review for sign language users.
Delighted DWP have agreed moratorium  and review on Access to Work rules for sign language users.
Tory victory could damage recovery. Lib Dems key to stronger economy AND a fairer society.
Waiting to question Prime Minister on UK contribution to Syrian refugee crisis.
Weirs quite entitled to donate to Yes campaign but that doesn't make it broad based or popular.
Pondering the question - what would happen if every none UK citizen in the country stopped working? Ideas UKIP?
@winyr9 yes
Campaigning with Southwark Lib Dems. Great team. Strong support http://t.co/EmxKWKTNTh
Good meeting with Dr Jim Yong Kim, President of the World Bank - key development partner with UK
@jonsnowC4 clearly hasn't visited NE to hear anger at SNP centralising neglect of our dynamic region.
Break up of United Kingdom would be sweet news to Kremlin.
Nats don't understand. Swinney only spends money. Doesn't raise much. That will change and make SNP face reality.
Labour and SNP do themselves no favours decrying recovery which between them they would blow away.
http://t.co/oHeSugXZeD
On Newsnight Scotland at 11 to talk about today's growth figures.
0.8 pc growth 1st Qtr. Strong recovery with income tax down and pensions up. thanks to Liberal Democrats
Salmond and Farage both admire Putin. Does that tell us something?
shared a link https://t.co/0c3FpFcN5C
With pupils from Aberdeen/shire and Nigeria at launch of Power Politics Exhibition for Living Earth on oil and gas. http://t.co/sp4DcuWq2n
Christine Jardine and I keep up the pressure on Scottish Gov to deliver shovel-ready projects - like Kintore Station. http://t.co/8xi8j3RVJX
Surely freedom of religion (or of none) is a key feature of a Liberal society.
Federalism would secure the UK. Separatism would break it.
Poll says Yes more positive but isn't breaking up the UK a very negative ambition? We are better together
De-stressing with family on South Uist http://t.co/LYoyzDeEXg
Perfect end to a perfect day on South Uist http://t.co/UBqfqjx4kZ
Swinney "No deal on Trident" - Salmond "Deal on £" This contradicts ministerial leak SNP so rely on
Delighted that Stephen Lloyd MP for Eastbourne has taken over from me as chair of APPG on Deafness. He will be a great champion of deaf.
Delighted Aberdeen Olympic Pool for which I long campaigned is now operational.
Cathy Ashton tells me: peace with security available for Israel/Palestine.  EU should incentivise deal & only talk consequences if it fails.
Smiling innocence in Za'atri refugee camp http://t.co/9eO3WsjngR
@malcolmbruce
Iphone 5 90 pc failure on wi fi connection over 6  months  Windows phone 90+ pc successful. Conclusion? Ditch iphone. Who cares? Not Apple.
Israel cancels prisoner release "because Palestine seeks further UN recognition" - or is it really vice versa?
Looks like positive take of Nick's challenge to UKIP is a slow burn but growing.
Remember Stalin starved and shot millions of Ukrainians - Elmar Brock, chair EP foreign affairs committee.
UK supporting Syrian refugees in cash and in kind. Time for other EU donors to step up to the plate!
UKIP backs Putin; SNP seeks break up of UK. Kremlin laughs and swaggers in face of our disunity. Dangerous times.
Earth hour at Lib Dem conference. V effective - not enough light to read the brief! but great picture of the stars when lights are off.
7 years in government SNP can still only offer development and transport promises to the North East. Get your shovels out!
Heading for Scottish Lib Dem conference in Aberdeen via Brian Taylor's big debate.
Just returned from fascinating visit to Middle East looking at DFID's work in Lebanon, Jordan and Palestine - big challenges ahead.
I campaigned for a freeze on spirits duty escalator and budget delivered. Boost for whisky industry.
Budget boost - £100 a year tax cut for 40.010 Gordon residents, as tax free allowance raised to £10,500
Looks like the Soviet Union is alive and well in Crimea.
I will be making a statement to the House on the IDC's Burma report at c 12.30 pm today.
Expecting to make statement on Burma Report to the House c 12.30
I will be making a statement to the House tomorrow on IDC's report on UK support for development & reform in Burma.
ICAI Afghan report echoes IDC. Reinforces case for flexibility not slashing aid or abandoning progress made.
Waiting to speak in a debate in the House on rights of women in Afghanistan.
Shell CEO says Shell wants UK to stay in EU and Scotland to stay in UK
Currency union not only unacceptable for rUK but bad for Scotland as it gives Bank of England veto over Scottish budget.
Has the Kremlin ever thought of making friends instead of enemies? No, I thought not.
After 6 months concluded that iPhone 5 is a dud on signal, wifi and battery - all v  poor. Who agrees?
Not up to the SNP. Who will vote for him?
Bank of England, BBC etc etc are Scotland's too but only because we are part of the UK.
Yet again Salmond ducks the question and goes for the man (Today prog)
Great evening of pizza and politics with Vince Cable and Alastair Carmichael.
Seems only Salmond cow-tows to China over meeting Dalai Lama.
“@GlennBBC: Did Kate Moss just say that David Bowie says "Scotland stay with us" in his #BRITs2014 acceptance?” Yes she did!
Liberal Democrats launch cutting edge new website http://t.co/MVarxJqPEB via @LibDems
The Times  http://t.co/o28C06QcR7 via @LibDems
Comment: Salmond is making it up as he goes along - and now he's been caught http://t.co/YxTWnLTxzZ via @politics_co_uk
Currency union not in Scotland's or rUK's interests. Conditions wd mean less flexibility than either has now. That's why it can' t happen.
92 p.c.  oppose closure of 999 centres - Press & Journal survey. Another wake up call for centralising, controlling, remote SNP Government.
Govt needs long term response fo flooding but not at expense of world's poorest or UK's leading role in development.
Would EU admit a new member characterised at outset by debt default?
http://t.co/mR6ctupVve
Bluff, bluster, bullying says Eck. Nobody does that better than him!
@caronmlindsay
Reality just hit the Yes campaign between the eyes. Vote No to keep the Pound!
SNP still don't get it. Currency union will not be decided by Scotland (except by voting to keep the one we've got, of course).
Sign the petition: Help us protect 3 million British jobs. #WhyIamIN http://t.co/Uk5KrbEb4h via @LibDems
@willwoodwardsal
Salmond cannot and does not lead Scots - just his own partisans!
I’m calling to end Female Genital Mutilation. Retweet & take a stand this Zero Tolerance Day! Together we can #endFGM http://t.co/8nDELHRuWB
SNP reject UK and put Scotland in Europe at risk before any UK referendum on EU.
To keep Scotland in the UK and the UK in the EU vote Liberal Democrat http://t.co/a4eba2hvoC
At Stewart's Hall Huntly with @cjardine4gordon from 10 today for coffee and piece.
Police decision proves Scottish democracy threatened by lack of any checks and balances.
Police Scotland has lost confidence of public. This will have serious implications.
Cybernat abusive tweets confirm how rattled they are. Disintegration in a competitive world will cost whole UK dear.
.. .n
@richardclein
Thanks for electing me as deputy leader. I am what I am and will work hard to promote case for Lib Dems in Government. That's politics!
Latest news: Column from Malcolm Bruce MP: Christine Jardine is new LD candidate for Gordon; Police closures; ... http://t.co/l1wflXghOc
Congrats to Christine Jardine on selection as Gordon Lib Dem PPC. Great campaigner and communicator. She will make a fine MP.
Interesting launch today of Aberdeen City Youth Council Indy ref information and registration campaign.
Is Miliband trying to stall recovery by depressing  markets and undermining investment?
Treasury guarantee shows economic damage of independence referendum. Eck playing a dangerous game!
UK Lib  Dems cut taxes, boosted pensions and kept interest rates low for recovery Mr Swinney - not you!
Default on debt and then try to borrow on the bond market, Alex, spells doom for independent Scotland.
Lib Dems delivering on childcare and free school meals in England. SNP behind the curve.
Sorry at Simon Hoggart's passing. He provided a great quote for my wedding speech (1998)
Congratulations Sir Peter Luff!
Congratulations Robert Brown CBE and Eileen McCartin MBE - well deserved!
@duncanhames Congratulations to Jo, Andrew and Duncan. Have s wonderful (new) family Christmas.
Khodorkovsky welcome release vindicates sustained campaign. Should never have been jailed.
Indy Scotland wd NOT have a seat on the Security Council or permanent director of World Bank or IMF. Fact
Will Putin really pardon and release Khodorkovsky? It is a test of which way Russia is heading.
Yes campaign reaction to real issues on development assistance is to show contempt for UK standing in the world. Small minded or what?
.
Great 30th anniversary party at Computers and Integration, Inverurie.
PM acknowledges Wood Review in response to my question. It can unlock billions of investment and jobs.
Unemployment falls again in Gordon. UK Govt economic and tax policy working.
Break from campaigning at excellent Meldrum community cafe run by volunteers http://t.co/agHDk4V6j0
Congratulations to John Leiper of Keithhall School, the winner of my 2013 Christmas Card competition. http://t.co/49S1IKuBFb
@TheEconomist
An Afrikaan woman in 1994 wept when she heard girls sing Nkosi Sikilele turned to me and said, "This is my country. I must learn the words."
We cannot forgive; we will not forget but you can't build a new country on bitterness and revenge. What Jo Slovo said to me in 1994.
Suggesting that Scotland could soar debt free out of the UK is self indulgent nonsense Mr Swinney,
So proud to have met Nelson Mandela. So sorry he has gone. He was unreservedly a force for good seldom seen in the world
Unbelievable incompetence and mismanagement by Virgin making bad situation worse. Won't use them again.
Balls struggling to make any credible economic case for Labour. He's dying a death.
Lib Dem policies building lasting recovery that will lead to improved living standards.
Over 3000 under 21s in Gordon whose employers will no longer pay national insurance.
The @libdems are investing in our economy and creating jobs across the UK, including in Aberdeen. http://t.co/xblUnxR5a9 #strongereconomy
@commonsidc is also looking at how international development addresses needs of people with disabilities http://t.co/m2CwM0yN6X #IDPWD
Celebrating #IDPwD today with @bondngo partners in Westminster. Looking forward to an interesting discussion on progress @DFID_UK is making.
4 women whips declaring the vote after a division. Is this a record ?
By deliberately confusing their next manifesto with the destiny of our nation the SNP is demeaning and lowering the debate.
With ASSK in Nay pyi daw http://t.co/9ZjgMe6V68
Just returned from fascinating visit to Burma. It's high risk but UK can make a transformational difference to its future.
Pointing out what we gain by being in the UK is not negative. We will miss much if we leave.
SNP could choose to match @LibDems action on #childcare in Scotland today. They don’t need to wait for #indyref #whitepaper
About to do Scotland Tonight on Police Reform (or its failure)
Taxes down, unemployment down, pensions up, growth up. That's why Lib Dems entered Government.
UN looks dangerously compromised on human rights.
UK Government/industry partnership has delivered record offshore  investment this year with Ian Wood revealing potential for billions more.
Wood review confirms that working together Government and industry can unlock hundreds of billions of new investment.
Looks like Miliband freeze IS frightening investors in energy sector. Lights out? Blame Ed?
Breaking the UK and leaving the EU are distractions that threaten our economic and political standing in the world
Is Labour's energy price freeze plan the beginning of a prices and incomes policy?
North Sea record investment requires thousands of skilled engineers to maximise UK content
Labour oppose DLA/PIP changes and now complain they are too slow!   Reform needed but right to monitor and phase changes.
Growing economic recovery thanks to Lib Dems acting in government building a stronger economy in a fairer society to enable people to get on
SNP's energy pledge totally trivialises independence debate. It is not about policy. It is about destiny.
Unemployment down to 0.7 per cent in Gordon - that's why we have a skills shortage
Congrats to Eleanor Lang my nomination elected as deputy speaker.
Good move by @skybiggerpic to start VRS trial for BSL users http://t.co/hNrZsV8RXK Only til Jan but hope its f/t soon & others follow lead
Sunshine on Leith happy weepy for all the family today. Pity sound not synchronised. '500 miles' in Princes Street Gardens a tonic!
In fact with indy Royal Mail would leave Scotland which wd have to set up own Scotmail with Scotland-only universal service as in Ireland.
Salmond cannot renationalise Royal Mail only Scottish mail services separated from UK - not a good deal.
Royal Mail sale best way to secure future of local postie.
This plane now u/s. transferring to third plane of the day in hope of departure in next hour. 5 hrs delay so far!
“@libdemvoice: Malala Yousafzai wins European Prize for freedom of thought http://t.co/oAz1JuNpDa. A  beacon for right to be educated!
1st flight cancelled due to Aberdeen Airport closure. Next flight gone technical 
When will I get home?
Secured debate in Parliament next week on support for deaf children and families.
UK conferences end with Tories heading right, Labour back to Socialism. Good to have Lib Dems anchored to centre.
SNP appoint Danish Advisor on welfare. Don't they know Denmark one of most highly taxed countries in the world? Aaah I guess they do.
@RuralLeader local members have been removed. Now under control of SNP Ministers who are control freaks and anti local accountability
@RuralLeader so did we
Decades of Grampian community policing swept away in under 6 months by Police Scotland.
Theresa May makes Tories nasty pariahs on Human Rights
Supermarket advice desk today - 10 @ Bridge of Don Asda - 11 # Danestone Tesco
Spain considering rejoining same time zone as UK for socially beneficial reasons reinforcing case for us to stay in right time zone.
Congrats to Aker Solutions & ARCraib (constituents) for success at North Star awards.
Gobsmacked and delighted to receive Aberdeen  Chamber Northern Star Lifetime Achievement Award from Mark Foster.
Fire board closure plans will mean further withdrawal of services in north of Scotland under SNP
@Heiren_Nuhai
SNP confuse independence with voting SNP. Pension policy is for future government in an unpredictable economic future.
On 79.9 pc turnout Aberdeenshire teenagers vote 3 to 1 to stay in UK
Can be no information certainty on independence. There are too many issues out of Scotland's control.
Will Scottish Government follow Lib Dem lead on school meals or spend it on promoting independence?
Rwandan election does not look like a triumph for democracy.
Overwhelming support for legal backing for rights of sign language users. Lib Dem ministers please take action.
Lib Dems in Government delivering balanced and fair recovery with taxes down and pensions up.
Surreal to be welcomed to the Speaker's  chair while Brazilian Parliament in session
Grr! Be  warned Heathrow Express only half hour service after 10. Just missed it!
@jimsrob Read the motion and my speech. I voted for UN process and a second vote in Parliament NOT to support military action as did Labour
@3urovisionSam Read the motion & my speech. I voted for the UN and a second vote NOT military action.
@JFitzy26 Read the motion & my speech. I voted for UN & 2nd vote NOT military action.
Read the motion & my speech. I supported UN and 2nd vote NOT military action.
@austinflood @caronmlindsay @HouseofTwits
Told House will not support military action unless persuaded that it will not lead to escalation of conflict & refugee cost of £345, so far.
Copter crash real challenge for N Sea operations. Know at least one constituent survived but shocked at 4 fatalities
What would UK membership of Schengen do for Gibraltar dispute?
Sorry to hear of death of David McLetchie. He articulated the case for Tories in Scotland - too bad the Thatcher legacy swamped it.
Meeting with speakers of both houses, President and Aung San Suu Kyi shows commitment to and momentum for reform. Let's hope it sticks.
Intrigued to learn that saying Burma is like calling Britain or UK England. Myanmar more inclusive.
Interviewing yesterday. Very impressed by quality of young Lib Dem graduates. V difficult to choose - all brilliant!
Ed Balls sneers at slow recovery while ignoring his responsibility for biggest ever fall in GDP - stop digging Ed
SNP don't want a Scottish owned media as much as one that is SNP controlled.
After Navalny, Magnitsky and Khodorkovsky is it time to suspend Russia's membership of the Council of Europe?
Scots may not like cost of decisions an independent Scotland may have to take building a separate state and balancing books
Independence will not solve Scotland's deficit. SNP in denial over difficult public finance decisions.
Moving and powerful debate in Commons now on 25 anniversary of Piper Alpha disaster.
Just watched absurd Lords debate on referendum on gay marriage. Wisely, amendment withdrawn.
Thanks to @libdems £700 tax cut, income inequality is lower than at any time under Labour
Private investment and ability to compete key to future of Royal Mail. Public investment key to future of post offices.
Well done Andy. Great win. But your big flag made you look surprisingly small,  Eck
Fitting memorial for Piper Alpha 25. Moving to see children and grandchildren touching victims' names.
Andy to win! Aye we're with you. But it won't change the fundamentals on Indy, Eck!
@CateringThistle @AllEnergy
Latest news: Column from Malcolm Bruce MP: Piper Alpha anniversary, bill on deaf rights, Donside result, spend... http://t.co/JrWvfqt7Nz
Latest news: BRUCE BACKS BILL TO TACKLE HIDDEN DELIVERY CHARGES http://t.co/XWIbkfJ8qZ
@UK_Together
Latest news: BRUCE SECURES ABERDEEN-LONDON RAIL ASSURANCES http://t.co/1G0ucJrNCt
Why a quote from 4th place Tory in BBC online and not from Christine Jardine who took Lib Dem vote up into third place?
Great Donside campaign by @CAJardine. Vote up. Share up and up to third place. Voters are returning to Lib Dems.
Latest news: BRUCE SEEKS RIGHTS FOR DEAF PEOPLE IN PARLIAMENTARY BILL http://t.co/HFg4JprsIZ
Latest news: BRUCE DISAPPOINTED BY CITY OF CULTURE SHORTLIST DECISION http://t.co/Swp2MjTngK
Will Left turn on Labour now it has acknowledged Government's welfare reforms?
Can SNP
Very positive canvassing for Christine Jardine in Dyce. Short changed by SNP, let down by Labour, folk know Lib Dems fight for Aberdeen
Just voted for 2014 carbon target.
Balls will end fuel allowance for rich. Will he restore  50p tax rate? What do you think?
“@CateringThistle: Lorraine and Bruce at @AllEnergy http://t.co/zt1GC8XWw3”really enjoyed coffee and chocolate muffin!
North Sea oil depressed? (Tim  Montgomerie) investment and recruitment is at record levels.
Sorry to hear of death of Jimmy Wray. A generous man with surprising originality. Sad circumstances.
Welcome news that UK (& France) have at last joined the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (EITI)
Lib Dems entered coalition in national interest and early exit would be irresponsible. Tory right will not split Lib Dems or threaten Clegg.
Very positive response for Christine Jardine and the Liberal.Democrat campaign for Donside in Dyce this evening.
Current account deficit is not a planned mortgage. It is a critical unplanned overdraft.
Salmond's tax figures surely based on historic peak oil and pre crash figures for RBS and HBOS.
Can you pay into an oil fund when cutting a deficit?
@ABZ_Airport BA 1317 now completing manual check ups awaiting departure. No dep time yet but hope next few mins.
Security and check in procedure completed manually. Boarding expected in next ten minutes.
Power cut shuts Aberdeen Airport. Is my trip to Westminster a lost cause?
Enjoyable and productive campaigning with Christine Jardine in Dyce this afternoon.
Didn't SNP 'reveal' non existent EU advice? So why so coy now they have it?
EU reform is an issue but Tories risk UK influence for internal party politics.
Argyllshire intervention by central diktat shows what Salmond's one Scotland means. Time to say NO!
Argyll & Bute shows there's no local democracy in SNP - just centralised dictatorship.
Christine Jardine will be a strong and effective Liberal Democrat candidate for Donside.
Scottish Lib Dems: Reid calls on SNP leadership to stop interfering in Argyll and Bute Council Affairs: http://t.co/AHMbby31Aj
Lively well attended better together meeting at Aberdeen University. The future is in good hands.
No wonder Labour's Donside candidate doesn't want to discuss local issues, he's on the wrong side on all of them!
Latest news: BRUCE WELCOMES COUNCILLOR TO LIB DEM RANKS http://t.co/EraGEB98HM
Nigel Lawson is a climate change denier so anti EU stance should be judged with that in mind.
Latest news: BRUCE WELCOMES ABERDEENSHIRE BETTER TOGETHER LAUNCH http://t.co/xT5tmb8KwZ
There is no majority for independence among men or women, Alex, but don't let the facts confuse you.
Alex Salmond doesn't seem to understand that Bank of England operates under mandate set by UK Chancellor and Parliament.
Latest news: BRUCE: ‘BREWDOG’S ASTRONOMICAL SUCCESS HELPS PUT GORDON ON THE GASTRONOMICAL MAP’ http://t.co/9hgcb3ANOz
Could change to S Africa aid herald new thinking on development in middle income countries - e.g. loans and regional budgets?
Visit to new Met Office in Aberdeen vindicates campaign to save it and reinforces another advantage of being in the UK.
Great turnout  for Aberdeenshire Better Together. Powerful case from Maitland Mackie and Sir Peter Graham.
Great turnout for Aberdeenshire Better Together campaign -
Went to MT funeral. Rightly understated  and family orientated. A fitting tribute to a controversial lady who had undeniable impact,
@BBCBreaking
Credible assertion of sophisticated UK influence in the world including 0.7 pc and campaign against rape.
Paeon of praise of Thatcher by Hague at Lord Mayor's Banquet asserting UK leadership on Democracy but Atlantic free trade agreement?
BBC bias on tax contrasts sharply with Sky balance. Who would have thought it?
BBC cannot deny bias when highlights tax cut for wealthy but plays down £600 a year cut for 25 million people!
UK Aid increase to Pakistan should be conditional on tax reform IDC MPs tell Parliament.
Heading to studios to do radio broadcasts on IDC Pakistan report.
Completed pre-records on IDC Pakistan Report for tomorrow's TV. Leave at 5.55 tomorrow for radio round.
Latest news: MALCOLM BRUCE & VINCE CABLE VISIT GLEN GARIOCH DISTILLERY http://t.co/9KTkl5V3MO
Centralised politically controlled police force weakens local flexibility and accountability - serves ministers not communities.
Oil and gas fluctuations affect UK growth figures and could mean bumpy ride for Indy Scotland
UK better able to support future of oil and gas development and absorb fluctuations in revenues.
3 Lib Dem cabinet ministers give welcome commitment to UK oil & gas industry in Aberdeen for skills, jobs and exports.
Latest news: McINNES & BRUCE URGE COASTAL COMMUNITIES TO SEIZE MULTI MILLION FUNDING CHANCE http://t.co/zq34PAn67l
Latest news: Column from Malcolm Bruce MP: Budget income tax reduction; IF campaign to end hunger; Sign Langua... http://t.co/BHoX6BZq89
Even if it were true (and it is highly dubious) having less debt per capita would not give Scotland room to splash out as SNP claim.
Thanks @libdemvoice @stephentall - proud £10k tax threshold was in '97 LD manifesto which I introduced as Treasury spokes- & now reality!
Cyprus should be wary of a hug from the Russian bear.
Welcome further reduction in Gordon unemployment but 1 p. c. represents a skills shortage we must address to sustain growth.
Cyprus is a warning of what happens if you don't have a debt reduction strategy.
Latest news: Column from Sir Malcolm Bruce MP- this week: Eastleigh by-election, Ethiopia visit, The postal se... http://t.co/1vFkekKdwx
Congrats to Formartine's of Ellon Scottish start up champions in Countryside Alliance awards in Parliament today
Note to Ed Balls. 0p tax is better than 10p tax.
Surprised Nats don't know that posting mail to a foreign country e.g. England if they get their way will cost more than posting within UK.
Interesting visit to two Ethiopian "villagisation" communities. People didn't want to move but now agree better close to services.
Surprised SNP don't know that posting mail to a foreign country (e.g. England if Scotland leaves UK) costs more than posting within UK.
Do postal workers recognise that universal service will stop at the Border if Scotland votes to leave UK?
Inspiring visit to Ethiopian community exploring how child marriage destroys families and causes poverty., uK support in tune with mission.
North Sea investment spike shows post 2010 budget targeted tax changes are delivering as predicted. Good news for jobs and growth.
Labour shouldn't gloat over credit rating. It is their debt UK is struggling to tackle.
@alstewitn
Insulting the intelligence of the people of Scotland will not win independence. Do SNP understand? Thought not.
@CommonsIndCom to take evidence on the practice of FGM next Tuesday morning. #endFGM
24k girls under 15 in the UK are at risk of female genital mutilation or cutting (FGM). @LibDems aim to end this practice. #zerotolerance
#rockupinred Supporting @TheBHF -time to think about your heart this national heart month! Pls RT http://t.co/zq3UWYs9
HS2 to Scotland. Certainly. It proves we     are better together.
Spy Scotland? How much cash and effort is being wasted promoting independence instead of  jobs and growth now?
I favour UK and EU. Would seek reform of but stay in both.
2  referendums - future of UK and UK in Europe. How divided and confused do we look?
@NicolaSturgeon @scotonsunday
New @CommonsIndCom #Post2015 report out today ahead of next HLP meeting in Monrovia. Available at http://t.co/IwBbmQkb.
Latest news: BRUCE: ‘CITY BROADBAND IMPROVEMENTS NEED TO BE DELIVERED AS SOON AS POSSIBLE’ http://t.co/Nk3jfdjP
SNP will not commit to accept Electoral Commission advice. If they spurn it I predict they will suffer backlash.
Strong opposition from Bridge of Don residents to way Aberdeen City is trying to locate travellers' site without consultation.
House of Commons International Development Committee now on Twitter. New inquiry Violence Against Women http://t.co/myPghUwb Please RT
Labour cut capital gains tax to 18 per cent. Coalition raised it to 28 per cent. Rich paid less tax every year under Labour.
Dyson right to highlight shortage of engineers. Crucial for oil and gas and future of UK energy industries.
Congratulations to Professor Sir Ian Diamond, Vice Chancellor of Aberdeen University on his knighthood.
@LordRennard Thanks, Chris. BA let me down badly - see earlier tweet
Could post 2014 deal with Taleban lead to upsurge of female asylum seekers from Afghanistan?
Well done, BA. On stand. On time. No steps! 40 min delay.  Missed live TV slot. Ingenious.
Congratulations to Hannah Miley on great win in Turkey over Olympic champion!
Labour cut capital gains tax to 18 per cent and taxed high earners less than Coalition who have cut taxes on middle and low incomes.
Labour cut capital tax to 18 per cent
Tax threshold boost helps all working taxpayers.
Lib Dems Triple Lock on pensions delivers 2.5 per cent increase in state pension.
10 fold increase in small business capital allowances for plant and machinery great boost to manufacturing.
Delighted Aberdeen has secured its bid for Small Cities Broadband. Good bid, well lobbied.
Latest news: NORTH EAST PARLIAMENTARIANS SUBMIT DISPENSING PLEA TO NHS GRAMPIAN http://t.co/LpGMqnGF
Great St Andrews day lecture from Michael Moore on the positive and emotionally strong case for Scotland in the UK.
Letters now delivered to Tarves and Pitmedden residents in support of restoring surgery and dispensing.
@TimRegency 3 negative tweets from someone who knows nothing about me.
Latest news: Sir Malcolm Bruce MP visits Insch Institute http://t.co/NsLOFpph
Cost (and hurt) of unscrambling Scotland from UK  likely to outweigh by far oil and gas benefits.
@BBCSport @bbcsport @BBCWorld
Standing room only at Pitmedden meeting looking to reverse dispensing ban on Haddo medical practice.
Can't end absolute poverty without engaging with India and other lower middle income countries.
Strong support tonight  for third Don crossing and overwhelming support for Scotland's continuing future in the UK
On panel at great Any Questions evening at Newhills Church.
More strong support in Bridge of Don for go ahead for Third Don Crossing ASAP.
Have just intervened in House of Commons debate on Aberdeen's behalf to make case for cutting Air Passenger Duty.
Tories never learn on Europe. As Lib Dems grow up as responsible in Government divided Tories show themselves unfit to rule.
SNP Government has only spent 1 per cent of transport budget in North East. There shd be no excuse to fall down on AWPR and Crossrail now.
Tipperty shock £92million cost would have been much less if it had been completed by now as previous Scottish Government intended.
Talisman's Montrose project shows tax breaks I campaigned for are working./
Securing gains for women in Afghanistan more realistic target than building a viable state. IDC report today
SNP's EU deceit shows up SNP tactic of false assertion and fictitious advice.
NATO row shows SNP will do anything to break UK. What kind of Scotland would it be?
Sorry, Alex, independence is an end in itself and an irreversible one at that -  Scottish voters know that which explains majority against.
Latest news: Sir Malcolm Bruce MP welcomes AWPR decision http://t.co/zISDz8Jd
Osborne should recognise undermining  renewable energy confidence now likely to slow investment and lead to rising energy prices medium term
Lovely overnight dinner B & B at Kildriummy Castle Hotel. Claude, Elise and Liam working hard for everyone. All success to the team.
Great night at J G Ross bakers 50th anniversary. Great family business and the Inverurie Rotary Glee Club were terrific!
Milliband sounds hysterical and with no clear or specific message other than a manufactured attack on the coalition.
Failed Editor Andrew Neill denounces 'self styled' Deputy Prime Minister + Lib Dems to defeated Tory and Labour MPs. BBC bias - yes.
For a very expensive public school Eton must expect to lose parent customers when they realise a star pupil doesn't grasp basic Latin.
Clegg nails it. Lib Dems no longer third party of protest. Now one of three parties of Government.
IDS poses a fair question and Salmond, as usual, loses his rag, blusters and can't answer.
@TarvesBikeNut  Quite agree
Working for a coalition with Labour is naive and dangerous. See my article in today's Guardian: http://t.co/Qw7jQivn
Is Salmond's recent diary malfunction connected with reports of crowd booing his recent public appearances?
SNP claims of infallible declarations on EU, pound, defence, welfare and debt are pure MacFantasy!
Good luck to @TarvesSurgery on their campaign to save the Tarves Surgery which closes tomorrow, 12 noon- Shouldn't be happening!
Salmond still wriggling over Tarves surgery. It closes next week. He should have acted years ago.
PM gave positive support to my call for skills investment to train 120000 recruits Aberdeen needs in next 10 years according to PWC report.
Alex Salmond asks for more power but doesn't use the power he has to save the doctors' surgery in Tarves.
Amazing to be at packed stadium cheering oaralympian athletes. Kids loved it esp Pistorius and David Weir's 5000m gold.
Door knocking for Third Don crossing petition. Warm reception. Plenty signatures. Labour dead!
Just finished successful, busy summer tour.
So sorry we have lost Donald Gorrie. He was a major influence at the start of my bid for Parliament.
Strong support for my petition backing third Don crossing. Sign on-line at http://t.co/NFOk8TbE
City surgeries today reveal public hostility to city Labour led council reaching epidemic proportions.
Summer Surgeries Schedule 2012: full list of constituency surgeries here http://t.co/BxWWdFVt
IDC report today highlights how raising taxes is key to development of poor countries.
Big turnout (300 plus) for meeting on Tarves surgery closure - lot of anger against Salmond!
@across7seas but it isn't
@pobafett I don't. It was just patronising to BSL users.
@pobafett
Angry with signing at Olympic closing ceremony as if we supported BSL as a  nation which we b----dy don't!
Well done Hannah. Tough swim against a new world record.
Now. Waiting got women's 400 IM. Go Hannah
Well done Hannah Miley. Great qualifying swim for final. We'll be there to cheer you on,
Looking forward to cheering on Hannah Miley from our seats at the final in the Aquatic Centre. Good Luck for a medal.
@ Good Luck tomorrow. We will be at the pool cheering you on. Malcolm and Rosemary Bruce
Latest news: Column from Sir Malcolm Bruce MP- 3rd Don Crossing, oil and gas, libor, lords reform, Aberdeen flights http://t.co/pUPF4BaW
Sorry to hear of Marsha Singh's death. He was a valued member of the International Development Committee.
SNP on same sex marriage proves populist party can NEVER be Liberal.
SNP on same awx marriage proves populist party will NEVER be Liberal.
I'm told the cost of relocating Faslane is c. £20 billion.
How much will SNP pay to relocate Faslane out of Scotland under new NATO fudge?
Labour's backward looking anti infrastructure stance doing immense damage to Aberdeen's oil capital image.
Plenty of anger at Labour plans to scrap Third Don crossing at Danestone today.
Launched petition to stop Labour scrapping Third Don crossing. To sign online go to http://t.co/8SMcEwKq,uk
Reactionary Tories should recognise that high moral tone and anti reform rhetoric don't sit well together.
Lib Dems foresaw banking crash but not on the scale that Labour and Tory failure on regulation has brought about.
Completed shard looks elegant from my office window - but who will occupy it?  - not bankers I suggest.
Staying in the UK is not just about economy but also shared values and influence in the world. We are Better Together.
Just returned safely from fascinating 5 day visit to Afghanistan to evaluate UK Government's progress in strengthening Afghan Government.
@TimRegency as a Socialist you may want to defy the law of economic gravity . Welfare reform is essential but I will fight for deaf people.
@TimRegency  welfare reform is essential because deficit unsustainable but I am fighting for rights of deaf people.
@paulbharrison Many thanks, Paul
Many thanks
Many thanks Dame Anne
Many thanks, Scott
@chris_underwood thanks Chris much appreciated
@colingale thanks Colin. Very kind.
So proud to be honoured. Thanks to voters of Gordon who elected me 7 times. Also hope the honour will help campaign for deaf people.
@stephentall thanks Stephen, much appreciated!
It's Labour's  deficit that choked off growth, Ed Balls. That's why we need a deficit reduction strategy and growth initiatives.
One has to wonder. A whelk stall in Stornoway would barely be independent under SNP's 'pretendy' plans.
As Swinney fantasises he ignores Scotland's debt burden which the UK carries.
Great event to welcome torch to Balmoral. Congratulations to everyone involved.
Dictators back dictators. Putin / Assad QED.
Rio becoming unwieldy. Shd be about securing enough planet to go round.
Flip flopping on NATO, currency, monarchy, and incoherent on energy, economy, welfare. Scotland can't take the risk with SNP.
Energy prices will go up whatever. The issue is how do we secure low carbon diversity and security of supply? Draft bill points the way.
So Salmond thinks an Aberdeenshire administration that represents the majority is undemocratic. Watch this man!
Good to see Aker Solutions in my constituency which Vince Cable visited last year creating new jobs and opportunities.
EU estimates at least 9 million green jobs could be created. Shouldn't Merkel and Hollande discuss that?
Brilliant Danish philosophy. Work smarter - not harder!
In Copenhagen where regeneration is based on huge expansion of renewable energy.
Thanks for hacking notice everyone. Have deleted Tweet and hopefully headed off repetition.
Salmond flip flops over every key questions on independence attracting derision and contempt at my weekend surgeries.
Real anger at Danestone surgery towards visionless Aberdeen Labour over Bridge and Gardens.
Deaf community need telecoms industry to address inequalities, see today’s Times P.36 #relaycampaign
Incompetence of divided SNP paved the way for alliance administration (Tories, Lib Dems & Indys) to provide continuity in Aberdeenshire.
@ruralspaceman90 Thanks. Others noted it too.
Aberdeen City moving backwards under Labour-led coalition.
Curriculum for Excellence debacle crucially compromises SNP Government's claim of competence.
Ed Balls. I haven't costed my programme but I thunk it might work -  that's why he 's  the Shadow Chancellor.
Bone, Farage and Galloway are conclusive evidence of why we need Liberal Democrats.
The idea that people voted against the coalition for not being right wing enough defies logic. We need more liberalism not less.
Alex Salmond says he has done nothing wrong over Murdoch - but he has demonstrated bad judgment and compromised his party.
Salmond's claim that backing Murdoch on BSkyB key to jobs in Scotland lacks any credibility - worrying that SNP will "do anything" for jobs!
On what basis do ITV and BBC assert that Lib Dems have cosied up to Murdoch?
Aberdeen should be in frame for Small Cities Broadband Fund. Criteria coming soon.
It requires no imagination to know how Alex Salmond deals with Murdoch.
Latest news: Column from Malcolm Bruce- April  (local elections; wind turbines; Inveramsay and Tipperty) http://t.co/K0ghyNS7
On the doors in Newmachar with excellent councillor Nan Cullinane. Very positive response.
@oakeshottm @chrisshipitv 
Dyce station my 1974 campaign. Re-opened in 1987
Sorry to hear of Jack Ashley's passing. He gave me and the all party group on deafness great support and encouragement.
BA flight to Aberdeen is currently delayed 90 mins!
@scottmrennie  Oct 2012 subject to consultation - http://tinyurl/bq5tph9
@scottmrennie October 2012 subject to outcome of consultation.
Good robust performance by Nick on Today. Lib Dems delivering big, progressive long term changes.
@colingale good point
With minimal growth Lib Dems have delivered tax cuts for 24m, biggest ever boost to state pensions & record low interest rates - failure? No
Why should a working person earning  £15,000 a year with a mortgage pay more tax than a pensioner on £15,000 a year with no mortgage?
Find myself in rare agreement with Polly Toynbee over tax relief cap.
Critics of tax relief cap are same as those who criticised cut in 50p rate which it more than offsets - no consistency there.
People who criticised 50p rate cut now calling for tax relief cap on wealthy to be scrapped - in hard times rich should give more regardless
So rich must be taxed less than the rest of us in case they stop giving or leave the country?
Are charities being exploited by rich tax avoiders? Won't real philanthropists give regardless of tax relief?
Wonderful that Today program broadcasting from Liberia - but seems like they have just discovered challenges facing millions in Africa.
Lib Dems did heavy lifting turning round Aberdeen and built new schools, council houses and Olympic Pool, Lib Dem lead SNP follow.
XX,malcolmbruce,Malcolm Bruce,574,46,4
