@MPritchardMP
Thank you to the Bruges Group for organising an excellent annual conference at Royal Overseas League in central London today. Good turnout
Despite saying he could stay until 12.40pm - Mark Reckless does a runner from EU debate.
At Bruges Group. Apparently Mark Reckless has refused to take joint Q&As with me. Hardly a ringing endorsement for his new party's policies!
@oflynnmep Thank you. When time is right for you to come home to the Conservatives you will receive a warm welcome. My door is always open..
If I was a Labour Party strategist I would have created UKIP, as UKIP vote mostly hurts Cons. Thus helping EU Ref snatcher Miliband into N10
When I was a carpet fitter's mate the white van was the work horse, the lunch cafe, the gossip place, disco, stand up comedy corner, home!
Never has an Autumn Statement and pre-election Budget had so much potential for a step change in polls. George O will deliver a great Budget
David Cameron's position was never in doubt & UKIP's victory doesn't change that. Cameron is secure. Miliband & Clegg are still very nervous
A large number of SMEs own and/or use white vans. They are the engine of UK economy & are reviving UK economy. The aspirational vehicle!
@Kevin_Maguire is this now Labour policy?
Looking forward to head to head on Europe with Mark Reckless MP at Bruges Group annual conference on Saturday. Will Reckless run for hills?
Give me a politician who wants to make cities 'quieter'. In our very noisy world time for a 'Quiet Cities' Strategy'. I have some top tips!
Good to read bird watching is a favourite pastime in Salop Birds out this morning devouring bird food along with squirrels & local pheasant
If Rochester result repeated in 20 Tory seats at gen election then Ed Miliband enters No10. No EU Ref, higher taxes, open door immigration
@cllrclive Was in House of Commons speaking up for local food, car parts, & agro-engineering job creators, and Syrian war orphans & widows
Look forward to head to head debate with Mark Reckless at Bruges Group Annual Conference at 11am on Saturday at Royal Over-Seas League, SW1
Just pressed the Leader of the House for the government to meet its commitment on the UK providing safe refuge for 500 Syrian refugees......
BIS Questions: Vince Cable has just joined me in praising Shropshire's manufacturing sector. Credit to innovators, creators, & entrepreneurs
@nicholaswatt There is a difference between free movement of people and free movement of Labour?
Supposedly in the name of 'culture' flaming tar balls are attached to bulls at the Toro de Jubilo Festival in Spain. EU funding should stop
I welcome PM's comments saying more needs to be done to reduce the costs of "off-grid" oil for heating homes in rural and semi-rural areas
Tom Watson tweet Nigel Farage and I have known each other for years. We agree on much, but not on everything, including how to get an EU Ref
Labour's announcement on EU migrants' entitlement to in & out of work benefits is a weak attempt to try and outdo PM's own expected speech
Well done to Lord Ashcroft for once again highlighting the bravery of the UK's special forces in his new book Special Ops Heroes Thank you!
Debate: Just pressed Shadow BIS Minister if Labour will support urban & rural pubs expanding on brownfield sites via govt's planning reforms
Good to see Cllr Steve Glover, first UKIP Mayor of Market Drayton, Shropshire - leaving UKIP and re-joining the Conservatives. Welcome home!
Glad the first direct rail service from Shropshire to London will start mid December 2014 The Voyager train will be named 'The Wrekin Giant'
Very impressive young people on Sky News discussing 16 year olds voting @skysubc Larissa Kennedy - amazing young lady - one to watch!
Sir John Major's speech on EU migration is significant - but not as significant as the Prime Minister's own migration speech, due next month
Trouble with some EU Members, is that to them, Free Movement of Peoples is free movement of illegal immigrants & ignoring Dublin Convention
Whilst process & procedural elements of last night were not without their surprises the substance of supporting EAW amended opt-ins remains
Planning Minister, Brandon Lewis, just called on Telford & Wrekin to build on brownfield sites & safeguard greenfield sites following my PQ
The European Arrest Warrant of today looks completely different from the European Arrest Warrant of yesterday
Ahead of tonight's vote - I have written an article on the European Arrest Warrant - for http://t.co/DyY9uUrOUK
Trouble with UKIP is: anything containing the word "Europe" must be bad or wrong. European justice bad - but "international" justice good?
Beyond Tory poll lead, latest ICM poll has other positive indicators: rising Lib Dem vote and lowering UKIP vote. All of which help Tories
If an EU Ref today, UK would probably vote to stay in. PM needs space to try and re-negotiate. If Brussels say 'No' UK will leave post 2017
When an MP/MEP believes their 'personal vote' is greater than those that vote for the party they stand for it maybe time for a long vacation
The rise of Theresa May's political stock continues The most successful post-war Home Secretary, but constantly underestimated by opponents
So many Salopian soldiers fought in variety of places One fought in Eritrea, another in Burma. Some returned from Canada/Australia to fight!
Thank you to the Royal British Legion and all who made today's Remembrance Service in Newport, Salop so memorable. Freedom is not free! RIP
Thank you to Albrighton Historical Society for their exhibit on "The Boningale Fallen" - so much loss from such a small rural community. RIP
Of five million from the isles of the British Isles - who fought in the Great War one in three were wounded one in seven never returned. RIP
Today I pay tribute to Pte Richard Wood who died on 22nd Nov 1917 at the Battle of Cambrai. From Salop's rural tranquillity to WWI carnage
@ShropshireStar and TWBC want to merge with them?!
Some of my UKIP twitter trolls are very unpleasant in the language they use against me - actually some of them are quite vile and "nasty"
Looking forward to discussing the EU budget demand being halved - with Andrew Pierce on LBC Radio at 9.05am today
Labour-led Telford & Wrekin Council must publish its correspondence with Wolverhampton City Council about an urban sprawl merger! Not wanted
Chilly but bright sunny morning in Shropshire. Barn owls have gone to sleep but the nut hatches are wide awake. Red sky in the morning.....
"@Sun_Politics: Nigel Farage slams Westminster elite for Cenotaph snub: http://t.co/to5c68TWPu" Farage's self regard increasing further
If UKIP MEPs are concerned about standing up for Britain in Brussels why are so many not in Brussels but instead fighting Westminster seats?
The Sun's front page (tomorrow) underscores why UK intelligence agencies need cooperation of IT & telecoms companies to thwart terror plots
If UKIP MEPs are so concerned about EU budget they should give a pledge to UK electorate that they will give up EU chauffeur driven mercedes
@DanHannanMEP your Sky News comments were self-indulgent, took no account of Conservatives in marginal seats, or those who got u re-elected
@DanHannanMEP Not 200 days before a general election! Whilst you clearly enjoy Brussels' largesse don't screw colleagues re-election chances
If Daniel Hannan wants to go to UKIP he should just go, rather than damaging the re-election prospects of Conservative MPs in marginal seats
Imagine a world under Labour: UK's EU rebate given away within weeks, an extra £1.7Billion paid immediately or with interest. EU compliant
@BBCNews Labour gave up UK rebate & always rolled over for Brussels. Under Labour, Brussels used to say: "jump" Labour replied: "how high"?
Halving of the EU budget demand on the UK is good news. However, the cost of UK's membership of the EU is not something that is going away
Good wi-fi connection on Heathrow Express and even on Eurostar, but staying connected is all too difficult for tired & failing Virgin Trains
@UKIP Surprised Wheeler is doing this. A YouGov poll this week revealed 42% of UKIP supporters want to opt back into reformed EAW measures
If there are so few Labour MPs prepared to rally around Ed Miliband; then all is not lost. There are plenty of Tory MPs who will volunteer.
If dinosaurs still existed some in China would hunt them to extinction for their claws, teeth, and skin. China's leaders now ivory smuggling
A negligent discharge of a weapon in the military is a very serious offence - why isn't it taken more seriously in the police? Needs to be!
Sometimes I agree with @PCollinsTimes. Today is not one of those days: "Obama is truly a great President" Legacy will be weak foreign policy
Contrary to media reports there's not going to be a 40+ rebellion on European Arrest Warrant. MPs don't want UK to be criminal safe haven!
It should not take a major terrorist event in the UK for technology companies to assist GCHQ in preventing such an event
Glad to support Fiona Bruce's Ten Minute Rule Bill on Sex Selection Abortions. CPS should prosecute medical professionals who perform them
Theresa May has a vital attribute for a senior politician - 'stickability'. The ability to keep at it! Politics rewards those who persevere
The Sun has a welcome and timely editorial on the European Arrest Warrant. Significant - and valid points
Lib Dems get over it! Lib Dems 'minority partner' in coalition government - not 'equal partner'
Three cheers for the Home Secretary, proof, not that it was needed, she wears the designer trousers in her department. Under-estimated!
Whilst Vietnam continues to boil its domestic dogs alive - it is simultaneously micro waving its own international reputation
Test pilots: you interested in what they do? come to the 'Experimental Aircraft' exhibition at the Cosford museum in beautiful Shropshire
I'm supporting Abortion (Sex-Selection) Bill tomorrow Abortions based on gender are illegal & CPS should act. Mostly girls aborted. Must end
ABTA should create an animal welfare index to rate countries on animal welfare record. Tourists can then make informed choices. Eg: Vietnam!
Andrew Marr Show - AQ affiliates are as much an enemy of UK nationals and UK global interests as ISIL - just not as good on media psyops!
Not content with persecuting other minorities in Russia; Putin is now picking on the Sami peoples in the Kola Peninsula. Well done SkyNews
Labour has lost two of its best frontbenchers. Jim Murphy to Scotland, where he will do well, and Alan Johnson to book tours and sofa tv
If you're looking for a great day out, or weekend away, why not visit rural delights of Shropshire: gastro pubs, museums, riding, walking +
Labour's attacks on Home Secretary are in themselves in danger of doing a dis-service to abuse victims Work together in children's interests
How many owl and bat habitats have Labour-led Telford & Wrekin Council destroyed cus they build on greenfield rather than brownfield sites?
A bright & sunny All Hallows' or All Saints' Day in Salop. Remembering all the saints & martyrs of the Christian Church: esp in Syria & Iraq
Virgin Galactic: very sad to hear of loss of aircraft Hope pilot managed to get out Aviation & space pioneers are very brave & shape history
What are ITV news doing broadcasting "success" of fighting for AQ & giving media platform for British foreign fighters promoting martyrdom?
Asked Leader of the House for debate on food and drink industry doing more to  improve their labelling of products - to help reduce obesity?
Asked Home Office Minister about changes to EU rescue missions and immigrants out of Africa. Improving African governance is key to sorting
Just asked Prime Minister a PQ on Shropshire's growing economy and record job creation
"Witnessing decline of main parties" - another normative statement by #Newsnight
There's only one person who can successfully lead Scottish Labour Party Jim Murphy MP Good intellect, values, articulate & can handle knocks
EU Statement: congratulated PM for battling for Britain in Brussels - no way we are paying that bill!
Met Police close protection officers are some of the best in the world, but what if the protester had been carrying a knife? Inquiry needed
Tunisia: the triple paradox. Birthplace of Arab Spring, holding universal Parliamentary elections, yet origin of thousands of ISIL fighters!
Well said, French former Europe Minister, Pierre Lellouche, on BBC Radio 4 - one of France's few straight-talking politicians.
@MarkHookham In an unsafe & unpredictable world I'll be fighting more defence cuts all the way. Treasury 'officials' ought to get out more!
@StigAbell ask Harry C
With UKIP now spending more £ in more seats - maybe CCHQ support for Cons seats should go well beyond 40/40 seats only. Tories can out spend
@ShippersUnbound Reality remains that vote for UKIP, in most seats, will help Miliband into N10 - bringing open door immigration & no EU Ref
Head to Head political bout on Europe: Mark Pritchard v Mark Reckless at Bruges Group Annual Conference - 24hrs after Rochester by-election.
Unless Pakistan's government & courts step in to end persecution and murder of Pakistan's many Christians; maybe DFID funding should be cut?
@russian_market Perhaps Kazakhstan might spend its wealth on improving social mobility and improving its human rights record
@ShropsFightBack So only wealthy people own shotguns? Just shows how Labour don't understand rural areas. All socio-economic groups in area
@davidvass63 Just held surgery and full day of meetings. Do you want boring politicians or some of us with humour - only way to survive!
Delighted Her Majesty the Queen is now following me on twitter. Lol. Kidding! Great HMQ joining twitter......
Whilst I have never met Morrissey I wish him all the best as he battles cancer At Glastonbury & Birmingham he openly backed my Circus Motion
So are Telford & Wrekin borough council going to destroy bat, owl, buzzard habitats at Breton Park & long hedgerows with nesting birds Awful
EU is rapidly becoming like a European pantomime - where the tickets are all over-priced - and no matinee tickets are available! Exit door?
@JSeymourUKIP thank you for following my lead. Welcome on board!
@petergabscar I take the bus, tube, cycle, drive myself, taxis - I don't use a fleet of mercedes limos like UKIP MEPS!
Will visit residents of Breton Park today, hold surgery, meet with Wellington businesses, and also visit Shifnal - nice and mild in Salop :)
Wonder if fiscal guerilla attack by EU Commission on UK is revenge for UK successfully negotiating a cut to the overall EU budget last year?
I hope UKIP MEPs will now make a public statement saying they will decline the Brussels limo fleet and use public transport, taxis, or walk!
MEPs get chauffeur driven Mercedes to any location within Brussels at anytime - why can't they take public transport, take a cab, or walk!
We should send £1.7Billion to Brussels in large suitcase and when the Commission opens it - they can be covered in a lot of very 'blue' dye
Perhaps it's time to consider bringing forward the date of the EU Referendum if Brussels ignores the UK's quite distinct political views?
The EU Budget demand proves Brussels just doesn't get! UK penalised for success - France gets rewarded for failure. Sums up problem with EU
More British taxpayers' money for Europe - Up Your Jumper Juncker!
More of British taxpayers money for failing Europe - I say: Up Your Jumper Juncker!
British people shouldnt be collectively penalised by EU for taking tough austerity decisions at home whilst others in EU fail to do the same
Will be on ITV's Lobby show at 11.40pm tonight - saying why UKIP could hand the keys to No10 to Ed Miliband - meaning open door immigration
Looking forward to welcoming Justice Secretary, Chris Grayling MP, to The Wrekin, later today
Just asked Leader of House question on ensuring ACPO work 'with' rural organisations over improved monitoring of rural shotguns licences
Roy Greenslade knows better - IPSO prefers disputes between parties to be resolved between themselves. Professor to the bottom of the class!
Given BBC's Media Show making dog's dinner of programme - my "amicable settlement" with Mirror was donation to military charity & correction
@ChrisBryantMP Chris - you just don't want us to mention Labour denying the British people an EU referendum!
Man taken hurriedly out of Commons public gallery. He threw something at the glass protective screen. Public and Members appear all ok.
I will be on BBC Radio Shropshire at 8.10am talking about the benefits of EU migration but also need to take back the UK's borders from EU
I have written an article on Politics Home on the benefits and dis-benefits of EU migration - and supporting the PM in taking action
If UKIP MEPs are so committed in fighting for UK interests in Brussels why are so many of them campaigning in the UK for Westminster seats
Conservatives shouldn't leave for UKIP. UKIP supporters, those who want managed migration, need to come back home to the Conservative Party
Honour to pay tribute to Private WG Bright, T Mitchell,T Jones, King's Shropshire Light Infantry, @CWGC at Wytschaete. Freedom isn't free!
@claire4devizes goo news but source? link?
@claire4devizes source? link?
Whether the ECHR or EAW - politics is rarely black or white. It is in the lighter or deeper shades of grey where things are usually achieved
On immigration: Prime Minister gets it. Accession countries' timetables, benefit curbs, restricting NI numbers Just the start - more to come
Glad to have reached "amicable settlement" with Sunday Mirror and have now withdrawn my complaint from IPSO. The settlement is confidential.
Bright sunny day in Shropshire. Some clouds looming but 14 degrees already. Nut hatches dominating bird feeders. Perfect running temperature
@1130sqnATC good luck - used to play scrum half for West Mercia Wing at 13 years of age. Hereford Squadron. Played at RAF Cosford
Interesting that Poland and Germany appear to be amongst the most liberal countries in using European Arrest Warrants.......
Film CITIZENFOUR should be boycotted by all those who understand that Edward Snowden has endangered lives No whistleblower - he is a traitor
If Ed Miliband has a sore throat then maybe he can get a sick note so he doesn't have to campaign in Rochester!
The issue of some UK Islamic schools abusing their independence should not be used as a cover for a wider assault on all faith schools
If reports are true that ISIL using chemical weapons on Kurds - then there needs to be a very robust response from the USA,UK,Arab League
Glad Home Secretary is open to looking at increasing prison terms for child sex abusers. Current law often interpreted far too leniently!
Just spoke with Douglas Carswell who I met walking down Tothill Street. He is misguided on how to get EU referendum but polite discussion
@mattholehouse DC - the new one!
Off to London to chair a dinner on reforming the European Court of Human Rights - pre a Chatham House event on the issue - Monday
@mattholehouse More of these differences to come
Even if Conservatives lose Rochester, which we won't, this is not the time, with 200+ days to the general election, for a change of leader
Well done to Sky News team reporting from Ebola hit West Africa - alerting the UK and beyond of the health needs Brave and heroic journalism
Good response on Strood doorsteps - Conservative support holding up very well
"@PolCampaign: @MPritchardMP Sorry Mark no one believes Tory promises any more. I was once a Monday Club member but am now UKIP."#sumsitup
There should be no Conservative/UKIP pact. UKIP statements in Heywood & Middleton showed some parts of UKIP - more Labour than Labour
Great to hear Rochester Cathedral 'peal of bells" - but I'm biased towards wonderful Hereford Cathedral - awaiting the Bishop of Hull!
I don't support UNITE strike at MOD Donnington on 15th/16th Oct. However I do support the new owners honouring existing terms & conditions
Rochester different type of seat to Clacton. Also has a different candidate. Likely by-election result will be very different.
@DMcCaffreySKY and I look forward to arriving in Rochester very soon. Only Conservatives can deliver an EU referendum.
@ShropshireStar - and family have my full support in this endeavour - having raised Georgia's brutal murder at PMQs and met with them
Fine Burger Company only uses halal chicken? because some muslim customers complained. I complained that I don't want halal - what now?
Campaigning in Rochester later today. Who knows I may bump into Nigel Farage! Only the Conservatives can deliver an EU referendum - not UKIP
Will be on Sky News shortly discussing how UKIP could help Ed Miliband into Downing Street - by default!
Will be on BBC Daily Politics at 12.08 discussing the Clacton by-election
Will re-state on Daily Politics that if I were a Labour election guru I would have created Nigel Farage to try and keep Tories out of govt..
Just about to give reaction to Clacton by-election result on BBC '5Live'
Will be on BBC News at 10.33am discussing Clacton by-election and implications for general election
Nigel Farage is wrong. No other Conservative MPs will defect to UKIP - given UKIP are more Labour than Labour in northern Labour held seats
Trouble ahead: Douglas Carswell's 'leadership type' acceptance speech last night will irritate Nigel Farage - big time,UKIP turbulence ahead
Reality: Only so much any govt can do to stop spread of Ebola Pre and post boarding screening is a helpful start Q&As important part of this
If ISIL are "biggest terrorist threat in UK's history" then shouldn't more be done to kill them on field of battle rather than arrest in UK?
Lib Dems are not only attacking Tories & Labour - but also attacking one another - like sheep with dentures. They need to be more positive!
I wish the Lib Dems well at their conference. Harsh reality is - is that weak Lib Dem poll numbers mostly helps Labour - not Conservatives
Great to be out canvassing today with Borough Council by-election candidate Rodney Pitt. Lots of support for Conservative Party on doorsteps
Dannatt makes good points on need for UK air strikes in Syria, but unlike action in Iraq there isn't the same level of Parliamentary support
@DrAndrewWatt They are not in Iraq. Unhelpful speculation
@BBCr4today Huge assumption by Frank. US and UK vow to hunt down killers. Frank admitted US does - even if UK doesn't. But I believe UK will
MOD press office need to issue unofficial guidelines on media references to UK Special Forces like the FCO & references to names of hostages
Media & political speculation over the use of UK Special Forces is unhelpful SF need to operate in the shadows and secrecy. They r not there
@StigAbell Well done Stig. Well done to The Sun. Let's hope other media outlets follow suit
It's the British people who ultimately decide the actions of Parliamentarians It's called freedom and democracy. ISIL want an evil theocracy
Message to BBC News at Ten British Bill of Rights was proposed by Conservatives 5 year ago plus when UKIP were at 3% not because UKIP at 11%
Message to ISIS: you will be hunted down and killed. You will be defeated - and those that value life, freedom, and equality, will triumph.
If ISIS think the British people will be cowed they are gravely mistaken. For every act of brutality they birth greater national resilience!
ISIS are the epitome of the perversion of Islam. They are the extreme of the extreme They must and will be stopped  The UK will not be cowed
@roscow64 how big was the turnout? Lost opportunity to differentiate from DSG Bicester. Ideology before jobs. Unite at its worst!
Happy 50th Birthday to BBC Midland's Today & The Shropshire Star
Glad to be officially re-opening The Bull's Head public house at Rodington. Well done to Enterprise Inns for listening to local community
Lib Dems should stay in the coalition. There will be something in Autumn Statement & in the pre-election budget for their band of followers
Hong Kong protests show 'freedom' is an immutable and universal aspiration - regardless of country, ethnicity, religion, gender, and age
New SIS Chief Alex Younger will need to re-focus on craft of building human intelligence networks and avoid over reliance on sigint/cyber
A Conference highlight was Theresa May's substantive and weighty speech. Contrast with weakness of Labour and Lib Dems on security policy
@Smeggypants I defer to your expertise :)
Nigel Farage is not a political acrobat. As he endeavours to ride the left horse and the right horse  - he will invariably take a tumble?
Defence Sec "This is no time to drop our guard or to lower our spending" Will Treasury agree? Will certainly have backbench support for that
PM miles ahead of Ed Miliband on all political and personal indicators - speech underlined that - now Bill Clinton songs........
Very good speech, as ever, well delivered, refreshing genuine grit & passion & self belief and great "bed" joke which sums up UKIP threat :)
ECHR - we know the problems with Court so Bill of Rights welcome with Tory majority. Scrapping Human Rights Act also good news
EU free movement - "can't or won't deliver" PM has sent himself a high benchmark given Merkel's comments in Royal Gallery a few months ago!
"You can only have a strong NHS if you have a strong economy" - maybe that should be GE 2015 slogan - brings the two battlegrounds together!
David Cameron is right to expose Labour's lies and scaremongering over NHS. Good to see him taking them on full frontal & fight in his belly
@MrRBourne tax cuts will generate more govt revenues which will help cut the deficit :)
£12,500 and £50,000 story of all the conferences - not UKIP defections. Taste of more tax cutting to come. Vow on corporate tax good for FDI
Conservatives delivering lower taxes - those on low incomes - and higher rate threshold up to £50,000. Delivering fairness. Good news!
@JoeDLChadwick apols have been is sunny Shropshire - was up to 24 degrees on weekend - 20 degress today - enjoy Brum
@telfordlive Tweet under your own name - as I do. You should not be ashamed of your left wing views. Be proud them and let the world decide!
@telfordlive yes Rev Andy I do
@telfordlive yes
If Ministers break the Ministerial Code of Conduct there are calls for them to resign If an Editor breaks the Editors' Code of Conduct what?
@BBCShropshire I welcome action by West Mercia Police. But should tougher action be taken and have lessons really be learnt? Raised at PMQs
@SkyNewsBreak Who?
@AP great USA finally getting serious about prison reform. More States also moving to abolition of death penalty :)
Just about to do BBC 5 Live radio interview
"You can tell when someone's about to resign by the frequency with which they deny they are resigning" (Sir Alan Walters) But UKIP bluff?
Hope PM offers an exclusive interview to FT asap......
@CllrShaunDavies something you should watch carefully after some of your early tweets and recorded public comments :)
If you were Peter Mandelson you would have created UKIP
We need to expose UKIP for who they are - in most Cons seats - they are Ed Miliband's best mate Only a Conservative govt will deliver EU Ref
What if there is another defection to UKIP - so what? Bring it on. We will fight UKIP with even more gusto - in the villages, towns & cities
@tomwilson23 not if you're on a very low wage - they can make a real difference to survival and/or quality of life
Emails and letters sent today to Met Police and IPSO over general and specific allegations made in the now panicking Sunday Mirror
I agree with George Osborne, but will freeze of working age benefits help mobilise Labour's core vote - when GOTV will be vital to election?
Well done Aldi in providing more competition in the food retail marketplace. Best frozen scampi of all supermarkets. Lots of stores in Salop
A very sad and awful story about the use of images http://t.co/M2EKeYLxta
Welcome jailing of Peter Nunn for Twitter abuse of Stella Creasy MP He sent indecent/menacing messages. With freedom come responsibilities
Test for IPSO and Met Police. I will write to both today about Sunday Mirror story. Was the criminal law and IPSO Code of Conduct broken?
Whilst No10 have constantly blocked my social mobility as an under-class boy to Conservative MP - I will not be defecting to UKIP. Tempting!
Car bomb outside of Sanaa, Yemen by Ansar Al Sharia - a worrying development - Yemen government needs to be broad and inclusive
@DMcCaffreySKY Why has Reckless gone into hiding? Has he changed his mind - yet again? Or does he want to avoid answering difficult Qs?
@HouseOfTraitors I will be blocking you in future unless you use your real name and show your face. Stop hiding behind a mask - coward
I am monitoring Alex Wickham's tweets more closely today - wonder why? Even journos still have rules - or do they. I think they do.
PM right to remain politically agile over need for air strikes in Syria. Party right to take on 'Feckless Reckless'. He has betrayed many!
@HouseOfTraitors Don't hide behind a logo, a meaningless name, have the courage of your convictions, & use your real name or are you coward?
Test case for IPSO Will be making formal complaint over attempted entrapment by Mirror. Appears even single MPs can't have a "private life"
The deluded. dull, dalek-like Doncaster diatribe from Mark Reckless is a fantastical betrayal of his constituents, helpers, and colleagues
Mark Reckless accuses PM of "conceit" with conceit. Reckless claims: "I won that vote" (EU Budget cut). In fact I co- drafted that amendment
I asked Mark Reckless directly whether he would defect to UKIP - he said "No". An appropriate start to his UKIP experiment?
Mark Reckless accuses PM of "conceit" with conceit. Reckless claims: "I won that vote" (EU Budget cut) In fact, we both drafted amendment!
@GeorgeFoulkes There needs to be nothing left to doubt or uncertainty with would be investors. New SNP Leader must ensure no room for doubt
Which Tory MP are UKIP going to unveil for the cameras in next 72hrs? Ladbrokes have me as 2nd favourite - but I wouldn't bet on it - or any
When bi-laterals between Germany and Russia are held in German rather than Russian - maybe energy reform in Europe may be on the right track
Some German MPs complain about US intel agencies - but did German intel agencies listen to Merkel because of her Eastern connections.......?
Returning back to London from security meetings in Washington DC  to vote to keep UK interests at home & abroad safe. Supporting air strikes
@washingtonpost Read 'The Coming Plague' years ago. Book predicted as much! More health pre-screening needed before visas granted
Terrorists aren't models for Islamic piety http://t.co/9CXI9QlER1 via @abcthedrum
Labour-led borough council have No excuse for doubling size of Water's Upton. How about building the 3,000 existing planning permissions!
@mrchrisnewton More likely to be China - in South China Sea
Well done Procter & Gamble for NFL action - Pepsi Co need to take action on NFL - not just offer meaningless platitudes
@AP An annual basic fitness test for all of the uniformed Secret Service personnel may be a good place to start & relocate Mcdonalds by WH!
@washingtonpost But who's funding them?
The future of LCS & DSG at Donnington will both be taken within 6 months DSG at Donnington 'not' striking would differentiate from Bicester
CNN reports: ISIL 'take' 60 new Iraqi villages - time for UK air strikes now more pressing. "Take" means, murder, rape,slavery. Time to act
@tigerphil800 Maybe UNITE can get some Soviet business. However, I support businesses that will help secure jobs and attract new investment
Ed Miliband may have just aided the Conservatives with northern votes Rejecting settling West Lothian Question huge error Primrose Hill Wing
@tigerphil800 it was a Labour idea. Do your research!
When politicians suggest more politicians and more layers of government - the people should beware!
Apart from the important new UK Settlement issues; the case for Conservatism north of the border must now be made with full rocket boosters
Sarkozy wants UMP nomination. Doubt he'll get it. France ready for new UMP nominee - Fillon or maybe Alain Juppe. Fillon good Anglophile
@BarackObama Neither can the NFL with domestic violence! "Doing the right thing" means tackling the issue through sanctions and education
Fed up of some EU Ministers & MPs moaning about US Intel services, esp Germany & Austria US keeps most safe Better EU intel oversight needed
All UK needs new & fair & equitable devolution settlement but must be deliberative & avoid being stepping stone to other independence claims
Given UNITE union sponsor the local Labour Party I am calling on local Labour Cllrs to speak out against ill timed strike at MOD Donnington
At a time when MOD Donnington is looking to compete with Bicester to keep jobs and create new jobs Unite ballot on a strike. Dumb and risky!
@washingtonpost v interesting most US media have swallowed YES campaigning hype!
@georgeeaton let's not repeat the alleged "three hours" mistake. There are things more important than politics - like making right decisions
@daily_politics #bbcdp or even under class Conservatives!
I see that on Monday President Obama, via his Press Secretary Josh Earnest, said he would like to see the United Kingdom remain "united"
Good Scotland remaining part of the United Kingdom bringing senior Congressional Republicans (Ed Royce) & Democrats (Eliot Engel) together
Most in Yes campaign have conducted themselves with good humour, courtesy & respect; but who is behind the anarchists & violence? Hard left?
Alex Salmond says there will be a big party if YES campaign wins. No doubt joined by celebrations in Moscow, Beijing, Brussels......
Blow to politics as Alan Johnson rules out frontbench comeback A human being & good communicator. It's not just Etonians who stick together!
Congrats to govt for record employment numbers - but huge congrats to all Brits and their constant creativity, innovation, entrepreneurship
Time to discuss new Settlement, for the whole of the UK, is for later not for today & those discussions must be fair, equitable & pro Union
Some Conservative MPs may be upset about No campaign & possible new powers going to Scots but next 24hrs must be about the Union not Tories!
@jameschappers but is now the time? before the vote!
@Paul1Singh Duke of Bavaria closest to James - check it out!
Or does Alex Salmond, despite his public utterances, have a secret strategy to replace Her Majesty The Queen as elected President of Scots?
So if Scotland votes 'yes' a German, not a Ugandan, may become King of Scotland
Overcast - but lovely mild morning in Shropshire - good jogging weather
@TimMontgomerie yes - a real blow
@MichaelLCrick Harry S. Truman
@MichaelLCrick dog and lamp post - which US President? One attempt only!
Have any journalists asked Ed Miliband what it would take for Labour to back Iraq air strikes and Syria air strikes and vote in Parliament?
@MrHarryCole Tories need a Tory version of John Reid - one of the UK's most effective political communicators - even now
@iainmartin1 Have they forgotten many able and talented Scots work for the Security Service - whatever their private political views
Yes BBC sometimes get it wrong - all do - but given the huge news and programme output - they mostly get it right. SNP preparing scapegoats
Most undecided voters I met in Scotland said they were leaning towards 'No' - but still undecided!
@BBCRadio4 I'm sure otters squeak the same about some human beings!
En-route to Shropshire after campaigning for 'No' vote in Scotland. Taxi driver was "Yes" but "scared about job losses" train manager "No"
There are many in Brussels, Berlin, Paris and Moscow, who would love the United Kingdom to break up. Driven by EU ideology & geo-politics
There should be no rush to continue to divide rather than unite other parts of the Kingdom by rushing out new powers SNP show slippery slope
If 'No' vote - Tories and Labour should, in part, continue to coordinate on how to squeeze SNP out of Scottish politics over medium term
There are many behind European project, despite what's said, that would like to break up UK. Divide and rule. Salmond - Brussels best friend
Andrew Marr gave Alex Salmond a very soft interview. Basic question: Did Spain etc give undertakings not to veto Scottish EU membership?
@racheljoyce This government doing much more & faster than last govt, but agree much more needs to be done without giving up due diligence
@HouseOfTraitors probably the most ill-judged and inaccurate reply during my whole time on twitter
@Simon_Nixon Is it the alleged Treasury leak or the 'contents' of leak that have upset the SNP? What if the information had been positive...
Good rock choir music on BBC Radio Shropshire - good timing for the morning jog in still Shropshire
Children abused in the care of the State over such a long period of time is rapidly turning into a 'national scandal'
@michaelsavage No
Very sad to hear of death of Big Doc Ian Paisley. Recall hearing a thumping sermon in 1994 in Belfast & honour to be guest at his 80th bash
Meeting Defence Minister later today to press the case for expanding MOD Donnington - making existing jobs secure & creating new jobs
I see French socialist and ex-Finance Minister Pierre Moscovici becomes the EU's Economic Commissioner - former adviser to Hollande - gulp!
Two unhelpful PQs from the so-called Conservative right at PMQs. Is a new chasm opening up on right of party? Not the day for ideology
@LauraTrevelyan just about right. 42-46 M
@JustineGreening Very nice church. Went to a wedding there - last year. Entertaining and friendly vicar
@ZekeJMiller Flawed and perverse ideology has no borders. There doesn't need to be a command & control chain for a US terrorist incident
@JGForsyth Don't know why? I volunteered to write it 'live' on BBC Daily Politics ages ago!
Very sorry to hear Jim Dobbin MP has died - great champion of pro-life issues. Chair APPG Pro-Life. Always polite. Will be missed. RIP
Whether its polls re Scotland or polls re UKIP - government needs to hold its nerve, remain calm, and continue to make its case persuasively
@mattholehouse UK politics misses Alan Johnson - hope he comes back to Labour's front bench soon
@GuidoFawkes What happened to the several other Tory MPs that were defecting? Next Farage will be claiming he's in talks with a Lib Dem MP!
@spellar Most ridiculous story of all the Sunday newspapers. Parliamentary meeting was very upbeat. In polls Tories and Labour neck and neck
MPs set own pay - its wrong. An independent body sets their pay - its wrong. Parliament could turn back to being place of wealthy & anoraks
If you were Peter Mandleson you would have created UKIP. UKIP could undermine Conservatives delivering an EU Referendum. Nigel friend of Ed!
French government need to act over Calais immigrant issue by monitoring its own southern and eastern borders and uphold Dublin Convention
As tweeted last week. UK not America's poodle. Don't need US "request" before UK air strikes - let's do what's right in UK interests.
Network Rail need to work with London Midland & local Council & make Albrighton rail station ramp permanent. NR need to remember rural areas
Whilst Putin is in error - he is clear and decisive. By contrast Obama has moral high ground - but is unclear and indecisive. Upside down...
Clear from uncertain world is that UK National Security Strategy needs to be far more enlightened than last & defence budget needs to go up!
EU must not extend visas of top Russian nationals & revoke visas of those with close links to Kremlin They will put internal pressure on him
@BBCDanielS Not surprised. Putin will continue to test and probe. His intel knows NATO and EU political weak spots. Germans need to wake up!
@AmberSkyNews No plan for a vote. See govt response from William Hague to my PQ at Business Questions Vote would empower and free PM to act
@bbclaurak But some would be willing to launch air strikes against one or more. Either way regional & western powers need to share burden
Building western & regional coalition is right thing to do but UK must be ready & prepared to act in minority before ISIL put in le plumbing
Mayor of Calais should be challenging French govt to uphold the Dublin Convention and tackle immigration on France's southern borders
Impressive WW1 poppy memorial at Tower of London. A 'Pritchard' from Staffordshire Regiment just mentioned. RIP. Freedom isn't free. Thanks
Pleased to be chairing another session of The Modern Slavery Bill
Parliament should vote on UK military action against ISIL BEFORE Parliament rises - what do UK editors and public think? Many MPs support
Ever since the Iranian Embassy siege the Special Air Service have attracted far too much publicity. They need to go back into the shadows
Just asked Leader of the House for a vote on UK air strikes before Parliament rises - rather than recall Commons or wait until Oct 13th?
@BBCSteveR FSB chief suggests approx 800 Russian foreign fighters - Putin needs, or will need to, work with international partners on this
Excellent article by Matthew d'Ancona in Standard He is correct "the base is not enough" Centre right needs to work with PM - not against PM
Just about to talk about ISIL and the threat to the UK's national security - at home and abroad - on Sky News
Pls can Land Securities replace worn and ripped Union Flag on top of Portland House, SW1 - unless reason for its condition. See it for miles
@BBCr4today His voice joins other ex Ministers under Blair I have spoken with who also support air strikes. Also several shadow ministers
Will be on BBC Radio Shropshire at 0950am discussing Wild Animals in Circuses - wish Jim Fitzpatrick every success with his own Private Bill
Looking forward to leading a delegation of Councillors and Officers to meet with Defence Minister about the many merits of MOD Donnington
ISIL is a threat to UK's security - both at home & abroad. Therefore, Parliament should have a debate asap to discuss response & air strikes
@LukeDCoffey Met with the Macedonian Defence Minister this evening. They are good NATO 'partners' in Kabul. Next membership if Greeks behave
@RoryStewartUK I tweeted Libya two weeks ago. Also Pakistan has new dimensions to current unrest......
@Alex__Stevenson Very accurate description and summary - post Statement MP
@paulwaugh PM already spoken & written ISIL is a direct threat to UK national security - I think he was genuinely testing political support
@paulwaugh Labour mischief making. Govt trying to ensure new laws, unlike Control Orders, stand legal tests and work!
@ayestotheright Indeed!
Given many UK would be terrorists route through Turkey; vital Turkish intelligence agencies work even more closely with UK security services
@DrTeckKhong I think need process of reciprocation - right of party now need to show the Prime Minister some love. He's got the message
Claims that Somali immigrants threw a Somali christian convert off a balcony in Kenya aren't going to help vital community relations there
A full, varied, and interesting week ahead - including chairing the Modern Slavery Bill
Carswell shouldn't be given a free run in Clacton. If he wins, he may not, it would prove what UKIP could do in other seats helping Miliband
@ayestotheright As known - Points of Order follow Statements - so about 540pm -  number of debates afterwards - so may limit Points of Order
Another great day for Hampshire police - separating Ashya King from his loving parents - how is that going to help his health!
@thesundaytimes No appetite in Number 10 - called for law to catch up with science at PMQs six months ago
@GuidoFawkes Paul - please bring me over some Waterford crystal - turn off locator!
With 90% of The Wrekin in Lichfield diocese, and 10% in Hereford diocese (my home city), good to get grand tour from the Blonde of Lichfield
@andrewpercy Think good as long as 'elf and safety & legal hurdles aren't put in way. Good way to save lives....over to you given expertise
@andrewpercy Did you know that Bangladesh has developed a First Responder Ap - which alerts responders to medical emergency nearest to them?
@KayBurley AshyaKing - hope Hants Police don't make grave error of over-hyping to cover their own actions thus far. Hope donor comes forward
@LukeDCoffey yep. Incoherent as I tweeted two weeks ago. If a threat - can't say let's throw bread rolls at it. It is kill or be killed.
@Mike_Fabricant Of course I only read Order Order - or is that fiction?
However vain some politicians may be reality is that the personal vote in any seat is limited. Most folks vote for parties - hard work helps
@igeldard More likely to challenge direct raid of bank accounts by tax man - tax authorities make too many mistakes
@Perdukistan now that's a secret. Would not be so indiscreet! But she has a very good singing voice......
Federica Mogherini: charming, intelligent, articulate, thoughtful, stubborn & one of the best karoke singers I've met Don't under-estimate
@bbcnickrobinson I most certainly will bring myself to campaign against Carswell UKIP will help Ed Miliband in N10 Then no referendum at all
I predict that no other Tory MP will defect to UKIP prior to the general election whatever the result of the Clacton by-election
@TimMontgomerie Have called for 3 yrs via PQs for wifi and telcoms connectivity to be mandatory clause in all new rail franchise agreements
@TimMontgomerie There are three more potential candidates - but I doubt they will take that big final step to cross the floor
President Obama calls for regional partners against ISIL threat. Coalition being built - but all very slow whilst ISIL butchery continues
Just about to discuss Douglas Carswell defection to UKIP on BBC 5 Live
War crimes, genocide, crimes against humanity - all are definitive in international law Their loose use by all sides diminishes real victims
@DenisMacShane Chief Supt, borough commander, appears to have been fielding all media questions. Where are chief officers? Buck stops at top
As I predicted three weeks ago UK air strikes are coming - just a matter of when not if - meantime hundreds more innocents massacred by ISIL
What's Labour's counter-terrorism strategy apart from Control Orders? Hopefully Tory majority but if not returning jihadis on Labour's watch
Alleged, some social workers discriminating against foster children going to UKIP parents, alternative, stay & get raped under care of State
Reluctantly, I think UK has no choice but to join US in targeted air strikes in Syria. Syria much more complex than Iraq - ISIL threat real
Apparently UK is not America's poodle, has its own foreign policy, so why is UK waiting for US request before ISIL air strikes? Let us lead!
Q: How many children are missing, the UK's own 'disappeared', from the care system in all four of our nations? What happened to oversight?
Where are the Muslim leaders of Rotherham - What do they say? Did they know what was going on? What are they doing to stop repeat offending?
The industrial scale neglect of children in care in Rotherham demands a full public inquiry. But should not stop people being sacked
On National Dog Day - just beware, unlike GPs, foreign vets (some are excellent) don't have to pass oral or written English exams - errors?
Rotherham proves once again, that so often, not always, the State can be the worst parent of all - whilst lecturing parents on how to behave
Are 'some' parts of the media, like 'some' parts of the police, still unprepared to discuss part 'ethnic dimension' to Rotherham scandal?
@LouiseMensch Started with allowing Sharia finance - under a Conservative govt. I wrote about this in an article 4 yrs ago. Slippery slope.
Lt Gen Sir Simon Mayall knows Iraq and region well - but some additional advice from Lt Gen Sir Graeme Lamb would also be beneficial to UK
Lot easier for print journalists, they can write it - but spare a thought for broadcast journalists - can anyone pronounce name of volcano?
With symphonic timing the Icelandic Symphony Orchestra play in London with heavy percussion volcanic music. Let's hope they can get back!
Yemen government offers to resign. Let's hope a peaceful transition to a new and inclusive coalition government - for Yemen national unity
@MarkHookham Suspect after a 'UK specific event' or more massacres No10 will change. Shame it will take such events to get some consistency
Sunday: If UK Christians were asked to convert to Islam or die how many would convert - how many would be prepared to die for their faith?
@HouseOfTraitors You suggest UK's enemies' threats should dictate UK foreign policy Put up white flag so they can raise the black flag. No!
@MarkHookham If ISIL a real threat to UK interests at home & abroad why is No10 unprepared to approve air-strikes. Politically incoherent!?
Hope No10 not waiting for  another massacre of women and children before UK joins the USA in air-strikes against ISIL? Fire-power needed now
Well done BBC Radio 4 for excellent programme on Kennedy, Johnson, Nixon and the Vietnam War - with original voice recordings of Presidents
@Privateallergy An interesting point. When West intervenes, in most places, it can't have a 'fire and forget' political/ diplomatic strategy
UKIP says it wants to bring back the death penalty - what method would they use? Firing squad, beaten with clubs, lethal injection, hanging?
Reality is - that Iraqi & Kurdish forces do NOT have sufficient fire-power to downgrade wider ISIL offensive. UK air & drone strikes needed
Yemen's 50/50 coalition govt also needs to work with Yemeni religious minorities. More inclusive government needed to ensure economic focus
UN warns 3 million people in need of immediate aid to prevent major famine in Somalia - terrorism, drought & lack of governance main causes
Syria: yesterday, today, tomorrow, proves that however unattractive - sometimes in foreign policy it's a case of better the devil you know!
Contradiction at the heart of the UK response to ISIL - is that UK does not want Islamic terror state in region - but unprepared to fight it
Reality is that UK is not doing enough in Iraq. Meantime murder and rape continue. HMG far too timid. Is this a moment of weakness for PM?
ISIL et al creating editorial dilemmas for free media? Eg: What can be said and not said in public? What photos/videos should be published?
@AndrewSparrow Yes said same 2 weeks ago. UK could make a marked difference in reducing & degrading ISIS They are not retiring anytime soon
@MediaGuido hope he does a programme on fishing
Two media organisations (one press & now a BBC broadcast) confirmed existence of UK hostages being held in Syria. Helpful or unhelpful?
@tomwilson23 they should be working with the police. Would you just let families that know just look the other way? Sorry no excuses.......
@igeldard Nigel Farage late - I said this relating to those committing serious crimes over 2 years ago. Home Sec also said it 3 months ago
@brucemclaren6 been backing wildlife since the day I entered Parliament. All three of my private bills have sought to protect wildlife
@BethRigby I hope so. Existing powers not enough. Look at past PQ replies when I have called for new law. Hope fear not holding back action
Again I call on govt to introduce new criminal offence of 'failing to report family members travelling abroad to prepare for acts of terror'
Right to condemn ISIL and their brutality - and need to diminish them further, but UK strategy should not err into binary sectarian choice
However terrible and brutal the murder of James Foley - the USA & UK cannot allow ISIL intimidation to win or change our No Ransom policy
Good to see 'sitta europaea' in my Shropshire garden today. Please keep bird feeders full. Sadly, UK common bird population in decline
@paulwaugh Good interview by Foreign Secretary
@ShirazMaher ISIL will seek to disrupt and destroy 'western' influence in Iraq irrespective of any direct or indirect military involvement
@KyleButcher I suspect Twitter will go same way as Blackberry within decade - unless they adapt or catch up product life cycles much shorter
@LukeDCoffey exactly. Who thought of that name!
@BazPaulrhodes my view no need for ground troops. New Iraqi inclusive govt & armed Kurds with US/UK airstrikes should degrade ISIL enough
@rupertmurdoch @BethRigby That is why need NEW criminal offence for "failing to report family members" etc. Ref my PQS. Hope PC not stopping
@bealejonathan correct. I suspect that will come. But three weeks too late - in meantime ISIL kill more. Perhaps waiting for polling - curse
@LordAshcroft as ever - spot on. Enjoy the Netherlands
Welcome Home Affairs Cttee inquiry into South Yorks and Thames Valley police vis a vis Cliff Richard story - public trust in police vital!
@KyleButcher will always be place for orthodox press but they will be seen as niche not mainstream by 2024 or less. Key to own and edit both
@KyleButcher interesting concept. Rather than reading out emails/tweets maybe a beefed up version of FAQs on subject? Sunday Politics good
@mehdirhasan I am on the right on some issues and on the left on others. Depends on issue. Moderate overall. Pigeon holing always inaccurate
@bealejonathan interesting number of US air strikes at highest number today. How long before UK joins the fight to stop expansion of ISIL?
@KyleButcher like newspapers TV news is likely to see a gradual decline for news audiences. Rather than fight news companies need to connect
@KyleButcher Agree. That is the point - people reaching for i-phone, blackberry etc whilst in bed before TV. Soundbite plus news snapshot?
@mehdirhasan I think you got wrong recipient. Lunch soon. On me! (sandwich lol)......
Is probably a niche market for subscription based political TV. Mainstream broadcast have previously failed or limited audience Market there
@KyleButcher mainstream media need to be discussing this rather than playing musical chairs in newsrooms. Online is too little too late?
@ChristianJMay as I would expect. Pro to the end. MP
Rick Perry has as much chance becoming US Republican nominee as Lembit Opik has becoming leader of the Lib Dems - even though Lembit nicer!
@mehdirhasan defo. Sorry to inform you - I agree with much (not all) you write. Hope it doesn't ruin your distinguished writing career!
@ChristianJMay you are right. Please support the voices of democracy and freedom. Freedom and peace a universal right - not a Western diktat
Is trending on Twitter more important than a newspaper front page? Are other news/trends more important than Twitter Online press not enough
@mehdirhasan good reminder. Torture does more damage than good. Short and long term. Also increases torture on kidnapped UK & US citizens
Proud that DFID providing 'kitchen sets' to hunted Iraqi minorities - but knives and forks won't end ISIL's blood lust. UK air strikes will!
@AndrewTurvey Look at all the EU Foreign Ministers who signed fmr German Foreign Minister's call for Permanent EU seat. Fact based warning
@louiselmx grateful 4 feedback. Conflicting info on traffic - but many locals in area badly affected. Always room for traffic improvements!
Next year's V-Festival needs to do more to clamp down on drugs and traffic chaos. Like to see research on economic benefits to Shropshire?
I tweeted a week ago - matter of time or circumstance before UK offer air strikes & armed UAV support in Iraq. Hope not waiting for polling!
DanHannanMEP is wrong The UK's political and military enemies would be cheered by Scottish separatism. UN Security Council seat first to go
Delighted to support Church Aston Horticultural Show and Allscott football club today. Thanks to Football Foundation for supporting the club
Wild Animals in Circuses. Sky News failed to recognise there is ample "parliamentary time" for ban. No10 ignoring public and Parliament
@LBC yes
Why are EU Ministers not taking action on ISIL selling stolen antiquities into the international marketplace - to raise funds for terror?
Are BBC, ITV, Sky covering any news from Libya? EU leaders, belatedly discussing it again, but what news reports coming out of the country?
Even with UK/French/USA arms to Kurds, and with new Iraqi PM, Islamic State still in ascendancy & will expand, unless UK gives air support.
@BBCNewsnight Yet BBC news reports at 10pm suggested only few remain. How much of 25mile mountain range did BBC and US Special Forces see?
Another excellent report by Jonathan Rugman of Ch4 News - Ch4 asking the right questions about old and frail abandoned by USA on Mt Sinjar
Is White House guilty of spin in order to avoid risks to heliborne evacuation of Mount Sinjar - how can very frail and old get off mountain?
It appears that South Yorkshire police have learnt nothing from Lord Leveson's Inquiry - Chief Constable should initiate internal inquiry
Islamic State fighters not going into retirement anytime soon More chaos & murder to follow IS will go to new areas Giving bread not enough
UK humanitarian response is very welcome. But is only treating the symptoms not root cause of Iraq crisis. IS will not stop until stopped
Do you have any unwanted or discarded musical instruments? If so, please let me know. Now collecting for rural school in Sierra Leone
@emmersonslaw I tweeted before not all foreign fighters will return to terrorise UK. Many will. Most will be radicalised & battle hardened
@WrekinNews1 tabled various PQs about family members failing to report other members. So far no HMG appetite - but must and could change
HMG should introduce a new criminal offence of 'failing to report family members travelling abroad to train for/or commit acts of terror'
Next Chief of Secret Intelligence Service must re-build human intel networks - can't rely on sigint and GCHQ alone. Need old fashioned spies
With at least four international crises - let's not forget biggest annual fall in unemployment in 25 yrs and huge fall in youth unemployment
Despite more countries than ever abolishing the death penalty, and even US States, UKIP want to turn back clock to state sponsored killings
I will be on Sky News 'live' discussing Iraq and the UK's response at 1150am
Will be on BBC Radio 5 Live just after 9am today - discussing Iraq and the UK's response
Immediate - Iraq - military + political + diplomacy = push back of IS. Medium term - political + political = improved stability and progress
With UK Tornadoes in Iraqi airspace - what are the rules of engagement if they are fired upon by IS forces? Returning fire is surely combat?
I have written an article for Politics Home - to be published tomorrow - on the next steps for the UK in the fight against Islamic State
Well done Channel 4 News & Jonathan Rugman's broadcast from Iraq - put his own life at risk to file that report. UK must move to do more
Great to visit David Austin Roses today. Multiple gold winners at Chelsea Flower Show. International success for Shropshire home grown!
@hesaidnoto no they are not Iraq plus Syria (ISIS) not Iraq alone
Great honour to present Shropshire WWII war hero - Sq Ldr Ted Cowling Ushakov award for his heroism in protecting the vital Arctic Convoys.
@NadineDorriesMP very sorry to hear that. Always very difficult to lose a loved pet. CS Lewis and John Wesley believed pets went to heaven
I suspect its only a matter of time before UK drawn into military conflict with IS - but will this also mean military conflict with ISIS?
With UK armed forces going into harms way - likelihood of Parliament being recalled in August - again - has just been elevated
If Christians from Europe left to fight to defend Christians in Iraq - would that make them extremists or brothers in arms? May peace come!
The extent of the UK's new involvement in Iraq should be subject to a full and early public statement by the Prime Minister so public know
Arminka Helic appointed to House of Lords. A well deserved appointment. Good to have her foreign policy knowledge deployed in other place
If the House of Lords gets any bigger Parliament will need to expand into Church House again! Reward for failure? Reward for success?
@wellingtonla21 send me details to House of Commons MP
Is the govt in Baghdad really interested in helping Iraqi religious minorities - doesn't appear so. Where is the White House? Playing golf!
The age of the micro nuclear power plant is coming. New nuclear technology powering submarines - next small nuclear plants powering towns
Govt is right to bring new laws to make bankers criminally responsible for dodgy decisions - but all UK corporate world needs such sanctions
Asked by someone - if passenger has asthmatic attack on Virgin Train because of failing climate and air controls - could Virgin be sued?
Another triumph for failing Virgin Trains "air conditioning has tripped out" on trains to West Midlands according to passengers "sweat box"
@andrewpercy read Dan Hodges article MP
Is Davos a free-thinking event? Selecting of invitees by the political, business, and media elite. Reinforcing messages not free thinking
European PM told me severely maimed children & "gay people" the UK's criteria for Syrian refugees - is this the only qualification for help?
What happens if you poke a bear in the eye again? Europe might just be about to find out. Ukraine crisis started 3 years ago - not 6 months
Failed foreign policy decisions by the 'West' have contributed to the destruction of the Christian Church in Middle East not just extremists
@DPJHodges well done on your excellent article MP
Israel needs to deploy far more resources into winning the air war over Gaza - the broadcast air war. Hamas have better PR/comms operators
Once Gaza conflict over - Hamas need to use concrete to build schools & hospitals not terror tunnels. That said, Israel needs to be precise!
President Zuma just calls Israel's actions in Palestine - an "outrage" adds "senseless shelling" - calls on US to take more balanced view
With Africa rightly in US foreign policy makers' planning - shame US/Africa Summit held when most of Congress have returned to districts
ISIS claim to be religiously 'pure' - but how does that square with them selling 'stolen' antiquities from Syria & Iraq - pure hypocrites...
Very little interest, so far, in my call for Inquiry into stolen antiquities funding terror, but glad now likely to be Congressional Inquiry
With 800 foreign fighters+ fighting in Syria & Iraq according to FSB - Russia may need more not less counter-terrorism cooperation with West
@TimMontgomerie Agree - but when I asked HMG for criteria for who they had let in from Syria they were very guarded - http://t.co/x0oj904ws2
Israel/Gaza. Peace asap. But Hamas continue to abuse UN facilities and use women, children, and elderly, as human shields as sick PR tools
Raising the 40p threshold is smarter politics than lowering actual 40p rate - as it's not such an easy target for Labour  to bash Tories
Spoke to US Senator yesterday. I said: "world less safe place today than yesterday" He said: "It's a big mess. A big fat mess" Nice & clear
As tweeted weeks ago - with daily flights from Accra and several per week from Freetown and Monrovia - pre-boarding health screening a must
After London, West Midlands, now has highest increase in TB cases - more needs to be done to reduce infectious diseases in UK
Once people taught to cover their mouths when they coughed. Out of fashion? To reduce infection DOH should mount "cover your cough" campaign
Well done to all those colleagues who in their own time travelled to Israel. Q? Do MPs have more or less knowledge if they actually go see?
US Republican Presidential candidate likely to one of two Governors - Red Senators don't have a good track record in presidential campaigns
ISIS religious hypocrites - selling antiquities stolen from Syria and Iraq into the international marketplace. Antiquities funding terror!
Most G20 economies are rightly focused on growth & jobs. China & Russia are focused on energy dominance and territorial advantage for growth
Does right and wrong exist in foreign policy anymore? It does. It must. However, lines are now blurred by US and EU timidity & indifference
The reality is if UKIP fall from 14% to just 5% (up from 3% in 2010) with weak LibDem vote and Tories equal in polls - Labour win by default
What would the international community do if China invaded a South China Sea island of a country that has no security arrangement with USA?
Libya, Iran, Syria, Iraq plus - all affirming the non-existence of an EU Single Foreign Policy and the likelihood of there never being one
Libya is a job unfinished. The warning signs have been there for months. The UK, France, and the EU have joint responsibility to help sort
If USA and EU can't agree on further sanctions on Russia - how the Chinese will be tempted to make their own expansionism more aggressive
America won't halt its relative moral decline by the size of its defence budget but by avoiding wrong geo-political judgements to begin with
Is London Zoo out of touch with public opinion? Are they putting profit before animal welfare - with after hours events?
West Mercia Police need to do far more to communicate updates when M54 & A5 roads closed due to road traffic accidents - often media in dark
What do leading London auction houses know about conflict looted antiquities from Syria & Iraq? Tabled Parliamentary PQs to DCMS and FCO
20% of concrete in Gaza used for terror tunnels. Wouldnt it be better if Hamas used this concrete to build new schools, roads and hospitals?
Boris and TFL need to sort out air conditioning failures on new Routemaster buses - just caught bus on Whitehall - passengers still baking
Asked Home Secretary question on police reforms and welcomed her announcement of several important Reviews - good news for honest police
Dangers in No10 assuming UKIP will slide from 17% today - to 2010 levels of 3% by May 2015 - without stating 'in terms' what powers back?
Asked Minister of State, Hugo Swire, at FCO questions, need to ensure DFID funding not used by States to persecute global Christian Church
First rule of political campaigning: never under-estimate your political opponents Ed Miliband is no fool - and may have troughed too early!
Tactical error by Prime Minister not giving Liam Fox decent job - and ditching Owen Paterson - both major strategic errors by George Osborne
No10 summer barbecue last night - cross between a wake (sacked and overlooked) and a stag party (or hen party!) for newly promoted
Whilst PM may have contempt for me - he should not have contempt for Parliament or 96% of public who want a ban on wild animals in circuses
Well done to David Walliams & Miranda Hart for setting up a new production company for new comedy writers - new comedy talent much needed
Just asked Prime Minister question on Gaza and Hamas' use of human shields in an attempt to turn public opinion against Israel
Very clear, balanced, but necessarily robust Statement from PM on Russia's aggression in Ukraine - hope other EU leaders will listen & learn
Nicky Morgan - "Undimmed in my commitment to free schools". No diversion from policy
I can confirm David Cameron did not offer me a government job in the recent reshuffle
International Civil Aviation Authority has the most questions to answer - Malaysia plane should never have been allowed to fly in airspace
Blame Russia for arming separatists, blame separatists for showing little dignity for dead, but don't blame Russia for shooting down plane
Francois Fillon has now declared he is to run for UMP Presidential candidate - Good intellect, moderate, good team around him, Anglophile
Hilary Clinton's comments on loss of Flight MH17 very welcome. Clear, calm, robust message to Russia and need for EU resolve on sanctions
Terror groups & militias likely to cause huge famine in Somalia unless the country is stabilised. 120,000 children starved to death in 2011
No need to panic over UKIP poll ratings - but need to avoid complacency over its automatic fall to 2010 levels. EU powers to be returned?
Antiquities as a way of funding ISIS terror. Auction houses need to avoid any hint stolen antiquities passing through them via third parties
Wish Lord Hill the very best in Brussels. I just hope UK voters are not marched up to the top of the EU hill only to be marched down again?
Ken Clarke - the most experienced member of the government. Don't agree with him on Europe - but sad to see him leaving the government
Congrats to all who made Newport Civic Service such an enjoyable occasion. Newport Infant Song Squad & A Choired Taste Choir very impressive
Good news for all ramblers - government has agreed Isle of Wight will be part of continuous coastal path - victory for Ramblers Association
Now cycling to swimming then cycle to tennis match. Helping burn off the great local pig roast at Albrighton Fayre - good Shropshire produce
Great turnout and weather for Albrighton Summer Fayre and Newport Agricultural Show - Shropshire at its best
@Rich4StGeorges must be election year - Labour Council Tax increases every year - oh - not this year - election year! Cynical and obvious...
Pressed Leader of Telford & Wrekin Council to accept government funding for broadband roll out. Lack of action means borough behind county!
Met with Leader of Telford & Wrekin Council re "excessive" housing. Holding surgery, meetings in Albrighton & visiting Shifnal Cricket Club
Govt given millions of £ to Telford & Wrekin Council thru Growth Fund & Sustainable Transport etc - let's hope they don't squander it
"Thanks to this man" (Edward Snowden) - amazed BBC suggest somehow Snowden did a good thing leaking classified material - lives endangered!
When are Pret A Manger going to sort out their wi-fi providers? So many of their coffee shops have blind spots and wifi no go areas!
Just thanked all teachers who have turned up for school today. Huge disruption to Salop families - and many parents' pay packets!
Delighted government has awarded Hereford Cathedral £200k for a much needed new sound system and hearing loop as part of WW1 cathedral fund
Asked Leader of the House question on MOD Donnington. Base and personnel make Shropshire best place to deliver future defence logistics
Just asked Minister for Transport if govt will bring forward new M6 South link to M54 - would be huge boost for Shropshire jobs and growth
Great honour to be asked by Mr Speaker to Chair The Modern Slavery Bill during the September session
@cllrclive Read a little more - & tweet a little less. Flu kills elderly every year - throughout UK. Support Kuldhip don't undermine him!
Question: What's the solution to Israel ending its targeted air strikes in Gaza? Answer: Hamas ending its indiscriminate rocketing of Israel
Congrats to all winners of academic, sports, music, drama, and school leadership prizes at Castle House School - even a 'Kindness Cup'!
9 yr old girl asked me if I knew "David Cameron" I said Yes. She then threw her arms around me. Luv like that - and we're on for a majority!
If West Mercia Police have file on high profile individuals who may have been involved in child sex abuse - it should be fully investigated
Not only should Westminster perpetrators of child abuse be prosecuted - but also those who were complicit in any subsequent cover-up?!
BBC Politics news archivist needs pat on back for finding old film footage on so-called 'Dirt Book' interview from 1995 - on 1970s Commons
Attending Castle House School Speech Day tomorrow and presenting awards at their annual school awards ceremony - OFSTED 'Outstanding' school
Its time for UK taxpayers to stop funding, without their consent or knowledge, Spain's bull fighting industry. HMG should end all funding
Just asked Home Secretary to consider increasing prison sentences for child sex abusers - clearly current tariffs not acting as a deterrent
Asked Home Office Minister whether the five terror threat levels are fully understood - and whether too complex? Public understanding vital
Home Office Qs - Asked Minister to consider new sanctions for family members failing to report those preparing for acts of terror abroad
Public interest test What violent extremism and jihadi recruitment videos should, and should not, be posted online or broadcast by UK media?
Child abuse. Unbelievable & blatant opportunism from Labour - not everything can be heard in public yet - could deter police investigations
Thanks to Dolly Parton for offering to adopt 'Dolly' the dog found at Glastonbury. More dogs to be re-homed at Dogs Trust near Shrewsbury
First confirmed case of Ebola virus in Ghana. With direct flights to London - need for high vigilance at Ghana health & aviation ministries
Air France probably the worst offender for shipping primates around for experimentation. Well done to BA for ending shipments of primates
Looking forward to major announcement of further funding for major infrastructure projects in Shropshire and Telford & Wrekin later today
Another great triumph for the Met Police - central London roads closed down much too early - folks in London still need to get to work!
Will be on ITV's Daybreak with Susanna Reid at 7.10am discussing possible new counter-terrorism legislation
Wimbledon - fastest serve of the day from Roger Federer - 127mph
Liam Fox confirms an immutable and uncomfortable truth in global foreign policy - 'sometimes' - better the devil you know.......!
Great weekend of sport: tennis, cycling, football, cricket, rugby league - more to life than politics! Hope weather holds for Wimbledon!
Sunday Politics (Midlands) I will be on re housing development 12,000 permissions in TWBC alone but not built! Why bulldoze greenfield sites
No Whitehall stone should be left unturned to get to truth of alleged abuse in children's homes. State has duty of care to these children
Not every British Muslim returning from fighting abroad will be a terror threat. Many will not. This vital distinction a challenge for all
Well done Gove for making clear distinction between Islam and Islamism - latter more about a political ideology rather pure religious belief
Thank you to all those Shropshire residents who have donated musical instruments. The latest batch will be going to an orphanage in Uganda
Wishing all the organisers and planners for the Shropshire Hope 2014 event at TIC every success for tomorrow. Also Albrighton Flower Show!
Well done to Fujitsu staff working with local volunteers to help provide free IT up-skilling for local job hunters. Glebe Centre huge plus
Thanks to all those who support the Battleback Centre in Lilleshall and Combat Stress in Newport - great staff - doing a first class job
France v Germany - what is an Englishman to do? Ponder for two seconds. Got it. Support France......! :)
Fantastic news. Number of apprenticeships under government - up 15% - many of them in Shropshire. Revival of apprenticeships fully underway
So UNITE support the Conservative Party's referendum pledge. Welcome news. But what policy do UNITE sponsored Labour MPs now take?
Labour-led borough council suggesting MOD Donnington might close could threaten investment decisions by local suppliers. A dangerous tactic!
The future of MOD Donnington will not be made locally - but in Westminster. It will be a bright future. Borough Council talk of recession!
Lazy reporting by BBC Radio Salop There is no question of MOD Donnington closing. The reality is that base now more secure than under Labour
Is it time for more intensive passenger 'profiling'? Would help keep airline passenger queues short - whilst providing security
Will be discussing future of MOD Donnington jobs - 'live' on BBC Midlands news - tonight at 635pm
MoS journo asked me where Parliamentary tennis team plays? Refused to give location. He denied wanting to do a 'stitch up' job. Yeh right!
Glad my Parliamentary staff finally get fridge delivered. But why made in Italy and not made in UK. What happened to 'patriotic purchasing'?
Conservatives are now more united over Europe than for at least two decades. This is down to David Cameron. It is Labour who are now split
Iceland. No longer in EU Accession talks. Growth of 3-4% this year. An independent country with a bright future outside the European Union
CBI are an important business organisation - but by no means the only one They once advised Tony Blair to join the Euro. They got that wrong
UN, USA, EU. All must have more robust response to China over its possible future military action against Vietnam than was case with Ukraine
Foreign Minister of Poland needs to remember it was the US & UK that were Poland's strongest allies in time of need - not Russia or Germany
@TheDruidstone @paulmasonnews
There will be lots of ups & downs as the UK seeks to lead Europe into an era of re-connecting with it peoples & meaningful reform. No shock
Syria, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Kenya, Nigeria, Somalia, Mali, Belgium - all countries, plus, why next MI6 chief needs to extend humint networks
Raised human rights and religious freedom with MPs from Sudan - time to uphold their Constitution. IPU visit to London very timely!
One way to reduce minority of press who break the law would be to give protection to whistleblowers from within the press who won't partake
New MI6 chief must know his/her humint business. GCHQ and new technologies vital - but running 'human networks' not just 'IT networks' vital
All future rail franchise agreements should include a requirement for operators to provide mobile connectivity for 'all' passengers
Will Iraq see US and Iranian armed drones flying in formation?
PM right to stand up for UK interests on European Commission's future leadership It is also for the Council of Ministers to decide not EP
Ed Miliband wants to talk about anything but the economy - desperate - desperate - desperate - desperate Ed!
Prime Minister has apologised for hiring Andy Coulson. Ed Miliband looking desperate in asking for more. Just shows how out of touch Ed M is
Political reality is - that the Conservatives need the Lib Dems to do better in the polls - just a 'little better' - if Ed is to be stopped
Will be on BBC News at 14.08 discussing Jean-Claude Juncker's candidacy for EU Commission President - important week for EU/UK relations
Amazing how so many of my twitter trolls are in Wolverhampton & Dudley (& Worcs). Appears Shropshire Labour Party membership in decline!
Conservatives cannot rely on Labour to tear themselves apart. We need to be relentless in highlighting their lack of strategy and policies!
As our enemies get closer - perhaps those who said Snowden gave a public service rather than a public betrayal - might want to re-think?!
Completion of the transfer of the Women's and Children's Unit from RSH to PRH by end of September. Great news for local parents and children
As local Labour Cllrs malign the Princess Royal Hospital, I say: 'Congrats on a 10% improvement on last year in reaching 4hr A&E targets'
Personally I have no objection to top military sending their children to public schools - but why not Wrekin College or Shrewsbury School?
Whilst EU personalities are important - ultimately it is the policies of the European Commission that really matter - Juncker or no Juncker!
Time to make it a 'criminal offence' for any family member failing to report other family members travelling abroad to prepare for terrorism
The Conservative Party needs to set its mind to win an outright majority, without falter. Aiming for the largest party has inherent dangers
Looking forward to opening Boningale Midsummer Fayre. Funds go towards the refurbishment of St Chad's Church - a wonderful village church
Let's hope new govt funding for potholes, which is very welcome, that Labour-led Telford & Wrekin Council dont blow funds on vanity projects
Combined with an excellent Tory candidate, looks like Labour Cllrs in Telford may have finally done for David Wright MP - he was warned!
Never had so much attention from local Labour Cllrs. Looks like I've ruffled some feathers. Perhaps rumours of a leadership coup may be true
Happy to be supporting Midlands Air Ambulance Charity Ball tonight - proud to have their new Airbus EC135 at RAF Cosford - which saves lives
Want a stay vacation? Visit Shropshire great historic castles, houses, glorious gardens, wonderful walking, fishing, real ale pubs, cycling
Busy weekend: visiting St Lawrence School, then local surgery, then meeting Shropshire Air Ambulance, opening Boningale Summer Fayre plus...
Record number of refugees justifies more DFID funding going to conflict-prevention and resolution Failed states costlier than fragile states
Happy to support The Punjabi Society of The British Isles at The Speaker's State Apartments earlier today
Didn't the Labour Group try and make Telford a city before - and failed? They need to hear the public's view - not tell people what to do
New threats means defence spending will need to be re-visited sooner rather later
5000 new jobs in 2013, new maternity unit at PRH, direct rail link to London, defence bases secure, new University, govt delivering in Salop
Good news for Shropshire. Direct rail link to go ahead But Virgin Trains need to up standards if they are to retain franchise beyond renewal
Intervention should always be a last resort - but always an option. Saying 'never again' weakens UK diplomacy & emboldens the UK's enemies
It appears Hilary Benn MP, Labour's Shadow Communities Minister, wants to give more planning powers to Councils. A disaster for green spaces
China executes 16 people for 'terrorism' in Xinjiang & Beijing. China needs to engage not enrage its Muslims. Regime will reap what it sows
I welcome Jeremy Hunt expressing his personal view on abortion term limits. Current law lagging behind science. 24 week term limit too high
Raised issue of International Criminal Court (ICC) playing a key role in Africa and perhaps regional sittings of the Court at FCO Questions
Participating in varied panels today 'How Christian is Aid'?  with Rev Rachel Carnegie, Christian Aid. The role of trade in the Commonwealth
@DavidJonesMP name-drop: "As I was saying to David Jones yesterday...."
"Church is not an NGO with lots of old buildings. It is the Church God". Refreshing clarity from Archbishop Welby
Archbishop of Canterbury welcomes commitment on international aid budget and the recent summit on preventing sexual violence against women
"No recent problems were in the Church schools" - clear statement. Church of England educates a million children
Good to welcome constituents to National Prayer Breakfast. 700 people listening to Archbishop Justin Welby - good to see PM in attendance
One small step for Prince George one giant step for the monarchy
Cummings has reasons for attack and is wrong. Education reforms would not be happening without the say so and support of the Prime Minister
@GuidoFawkes Bill Yates fmr MP for Wrekin had lot to say about Suez. 'Domino Bill' still remembered by folks. Also became Australian Senator
Virgin Trains: reservation computers down, no hot water, dirty trains, deafening speakers, old Voyagers shoved onto West Mids passengers
Appears Virgin Trains getting worse not better. Just alerted to them running FIVE carriage trains not usual ELEVEN on West Coat - no seats!
What will Labour's hard Left do to 'Left United'? Appears Left within Labour grassroots even more dis-united, just like Labour Brownite MPs
Amazing attack by Tom Watson on Ed Miliband's judgement. Blair weighs in too. Brownites v Blairites - their long shadows continue to divide
The West may say working with Iran re Iraq - but is the West in reality backing Sunni over Shia cus of Russia's support for Iran and Syria?
A spirited performance from England's newer players. Rooney out of position and out of form. Not enough players in the box and poor corners
David Austin OBE - best rose producer in the world Gardens looking fabulous tonight as The Wrekin hosts Dr Liam Fox MP fmr Defence Secretary
The future looking bright for both MOD Donnington and RAF Cosford. Local defence engineering & manufacturing expanding - more jobs & skills
Written an article on refugees for The Sun on Sunday Also on BBC Sunday Politics show (Midlands) talking Trojan Horse, train services & jobs
Looking forward to welcoming Dr Liam Fox MP, former Defence Secretary, to Shropshire on Saturday
Cross Country franchise needs complete review. Over-crowded trains, dirty trains, appears even Passenger Focus can't do on-board surveys!
Just asked Leader of House PQ on Labour-led Telford & Wrekin Council building on greenfield sites. Leader confirmed brownfield is priority
Most London black cab drivers do a professional job But competition will raise their game, improve customer service, increase shorter routes
First class strategic overview and presentation by Prime Minister to 1922 Committee - looking and sounding more Prime Ministerial each year
Well done to Daily Mirror for highlighting Brazil's prison conditions. World Cup must shed light on inequalities, poverty & social justice
Ed Miliband misguided in conflating Labour's old ideology on school governance with serious issue of countering extremism in schools
OFGEM weak - again too little too late. Is it time to overhaul the energy regulator? Also more competition needed in energy marketplace
British Gas earn more per unit for electric than they do for gas. Is this a potential conflict of interest in bringing gas to rural areas?
Met with Dr Jo Lusi and Archbishop of Democratic Republic of Congo to discuss conflict prevention and peace building in DRC - inspirational
Debate today: It appears SNP would allow uncontrolled immigration - compare controlled immigration if Scotland stays part of United Kingdom
Thoughtful speech by Stewart Jackson. He is someone who should be used more by the government. Would also add value to the govt whips office
Just asked several PQs in The Queen's Speech Home Affairs debate on immigration. Labour don't want a target for lowering net migration!!
David Blunkett calling for non-patronising non-political debate on immigration. Bit rich coming from him. Didn't stop him when Home Sec?
Charles Clarke, former Labour Home Secretary, tears into Ed Miliband. It appears discipline in Labour ranks breaking down daily - crisis?
More colleagues complaining about awful IT systems in House of Commons. Slow systems. Affecting MPs work. Getting worse not better
@BBCr4today according to DEFRA 7,000 keep primates as pets. Needs to end Protect biodiversity fathers of the world's forests Support my Bill
Tristram Hunt would have been better to say far less, ask more questions, and deliver in a calm authoritative manner. He blew it. Too long!
Miliband, Balls, Cooper - all appear to have lost their political mojo - low morale and ideological splits in the Shadow Cabinet?
New disciplinary measures for any teacher who promotes extremism in schools - being banned. A
New policy of requiring all schools to promote British values - good news for all communities!
Surely big questions now over role of Opposition Whips office. To call for a UQ and make govt look good takes some doing. Heel into McBride!
Labour obsessed with government 'process' Not surprised - given Labour had a confused and weak 'policy' on PREVENT. Needed complete overhaul
Theresa May doing an excellent job in making the case for countering violent extremism & community engagement Yvette Cooper very weak indeed
If tackling violent extremism is so important to Labour MPs - why have so few turned up for the Home Secretary's Statement?
Labour call for apologies. But when is Ed Miliband going to apologise for the last Labour government nearly bankrupting Britain?
Russia's aggression in Ukraine is unquestionable but millions of Russians died fighting Hitler. Putin should not cloud the collective memory
Ian Austin MP's intervention shows West Midlands Labour MPs now in open warfare over Miliband's refusal to give voters EU Referendum choice
Personally, I like Ed Miliband. But his speech is weak, lightweight, no vision. In same weak category as Ed Ball's very weak Budget response
No new politics from Ed Miliband. Appears Labour are planning a rise in employer and employee NICS - should Labour win the general election
Positive response on Newark doorsteps. Excellent candidate - formidable campaign team - good team effort by volunteers, Party Officers, MPs
Thank you to The Sunday Times for listing me as "a star player" amongst Parliament's tennis players. If only it were true! PM & Speaker best
Lightweight interview by Nigel Farage - all things to all people - recipe for being rumbled sooner rather than later. UKIP peaked at Euros?
Snowden is no hero. His illegal passing on of classified materials has undermined UK and US national security and endangered lives
Whilst UK national borders are being - and will be strengthened Europe needs to do more to curb illegal migration through its common borders
Jeremy Paxman's exit will be felt. Like a news striker - anything could happen on the box. He made broadcasting unpredictable & dramatic
Spoke to some London Estate Agent friends at lunch - said signs of market beginning to top out - maybe no need for early interest rate rise?
Will Christine Lagarde be France's next President. Fillon v Lagarde for UMP candidacy Has any UK journalist asked her about the possibility?
Liberal Democrat MPs have a local and national responsibility to continue to help deliver the govt's economic plan. Nick Clegg should stay
Poverty comes in many forms. Perhaps 'poverty of aspiration' one of the most negative? Gove right to push ahead with education reforms
Perhaps Lord Oakeshott should have attended the 'inclusive capitalism' summit!?
'Failed States' more expensive in both 'blood and treasure' than helping 'Fragile States'. DFID funding making a real difference for peace
Is Eritrea a forgotten country? No national elections for a quarter of a century. Strategically important to UK interests!
Cope's resignation in France now makes room for the more reasonable Fillon (Welsh wife). Time for Tories to build up relationship with UMP.
Conservative Party can still win an outright majority in 2015. Will take political discipline, innovation, dexterity, & leadership; do-able
Tim Farron & Vince Cable give support to Nick Clegg - ordinarily this outbreak of loyalty would be cause for suspicion - but appears genuine
Most revealing comment by Farage over last few days - 'I want to destroy the Tory Party' Says it all. Farage, Labour's best friend (mostly)!
Unlikely Conservatives would continue coalition with Farron or Cable That would end the government. Same Lib Dem MPs would lose their seats
Happy 65th birthday to Jeremy Corbyn MP - don't agree on much - but at least he is consistent and has real convictions. Grammar School boy!
UKIP must now join the mainstream parties in ensuring that Scotland remains part of the United Kingdom. Stronger together
Time for Liberal Democrats to change their message on Europe, welfare reforms, &  middle income taxes. Change the message not the messenger!
Whilst Nick Clegg may resist an EU Ref, a British Bill of Rights, and more radical welfare reforms, his likely replacement would resist more
Just about to comment 'live' on BBC News about European elections results
On the political Richter Scale - UKIP's result, on scale of 1-10, ranks as magnitude 7 earthquake? some damage but not structural; not a 10!
Will poor election results & some Labour demands for an EU referendum re-boot the Brownite v Blairite in-fighting in the Labour Party - Yes
Pope's help in the Middle East process welcome. Vatican still a mover and shaker in politics in many nations. Not utilised enough by leaders
If The Times is right, a Bill to introduce a Ban on Wild Animals in Circuses, will be in the Queen's Speech. A victory for animal welfare :)
Post EU Elections: some questions for Conservatives, many more questions for Labour, lots for Lib Dems - but many 'answers' needed from UKIP
Message to Virgin Trains: You won't win East Coast franchise by lowering standards on the West Coast mainline - staff & customers grumbling
Well done to David Campbell-Bannerman for keeping his Eastern seat
China & Russia sign new $400 Billion gas deal China likely to take more Russian energy over decade. Europe must diversify its energy supply
EU Migration - Home Secretary - "we need to do something about this" - welcome recognition of key electoral issue - government are listening
Conservative Party needs to stay disciplined. It's a time to see Labour dis-unite - and see Mandy and Blair unleash their dogs of change
I have written - I always wanted EU Ref on date of 2015 general election. But politics is the art of the possible - not the unrealistic
The 'date' of the EU referendum was not the trigger for Tory switchers to UKIP. EU migration was a factor. EU migration will need tackling
One thing's for sure - with the economy likely to grow further - the pre-election Budget could be the most popular & radical to date
When the dust has settled - the political story from local and European elections - a story that will run - is Labour aren't breaking thru
Labour switchers to UKIP may have just killed any chance, altho it was only ever a mirage, that UKIP won't stand against Better Off Out MPs
Labour under-perform in the West Midlands - fail to break through in Tamworth and many other towns and cities
There should not be - and there will not be - a pact with UKIP
If Conservatives are the largest party after GE 2015, uncomfortable or not, another coalition with Lib Dems would be the least worst option
Attended world premier of John Clare's poem 'God Looks on Nature With a Glorious Eye' set to new composition by Ivan Bozicevic - very good!
Delighted the Vulcan bomber will be flying once again at the Cosford Air Show on 8th June - a marvellous site over Shropshire
Thank you to the Royal Air Force, and especially the RAF Regiment, who looked after me so well at RAF Cosford today.
If Brazilian authorities had not spent so much time building a 'great wall' to hide Rio's poor - perhaps stadiums would have been built?
On Dog Lovers Friday - the real star of Anchor Man 2 - was the salt & pepper miniature schnauser - with tail! I hope he/she has a good Agent
Police Federation reform Is Federation funding used to intimidate individuals & organisations through the legal process? So-called garaging?
Busy day. Surgery in Shifnal, meeting with Albrighton plus Parish Councils, then onto residents meeting nr Newport, and tour of RAF Cosford
Raised the issue of ivory trade and growth in Catholic religious icons with Head of UNDOC. UNDOC agreed to raise with the Vatican Good news!
Will India's new govt uphold its own Constitution and over-rule States that illegally pursue those that convert from one faith to another?
Sudan courts ignoring own 2005 interim Constitution & international human rights laws over 8 months pregnant woman convicted of apostasy
Should UK review some of its aid to Sudan? Lashes, jailing, & possibly hanging, an eight months pregnant woman for marrying as a Christian
Personal attacks from Labour MPs (only in private so far!) on Ed Mil. If Labour come 3rd in Euro elections - time to call David in New York?
Pg 95, 2010 Conservative Manifesto "we will be equally vigilant ensuring the welfare of animals" Wild Animals in Circuses in Queen's Speech?
Is Iran really modernising? State sanctioned executions increasing. Many for 'enmity against God' and having political differences!
Buck always stops with the boss. So praise for Cameron for growth, jobs, education & welfare reforms, leading internationally, and poll lead
Lot's of criticism of United States & the remaining death penalty States. However, restrictions and conditions of Japan death row much worse
Tsetse Fly Genome breakthrough announced by World Health Organisation could bring major health benefits to 70 million people. Good news!
Good work by Jane Merrick in the IOS today on lack of equal pay at FCO. I am sure this is something HMG will continue to improve as they are
Michael Gove is a reformer. Reformers challenge the consensus. They break through the status quo. They lead where others fear to tread
The challenge for coalition govt is how they can politically de-couple without having very public spats in the media - a gift to Ed Miliband
For Conservatives to do well at gen election - Conservatives need Lib Dems to do better in polls - but Lib Dems must not antagonise Cons MPs
Whilst the world watches Russia's expansionism - China probes Vietnamese & Filipino territory - and the resolve of international community
Visit & excellent lunch at St Andrew's School, Shifnal. Later visit Multiple Sclerosis Society and Lilleshall National Sports Centre
Judges should be tougher on knife crime - but judges discretion needed not a 'catch all' - judgements need to be based on 'all' the evidence
Excellent PMQ from Zac Goldsmith MP on antibiotics
PM just mangoed by Keith Vaz MP
Chairman of BBC Trust key role - very best person needed - hope the next Chair might be a woman - needs a new outlook and perspective
Royal Parks groundsmen & women do a great job keeping London's royal parks looking so good - hope they use Shropshire's David Austin Roses?!
Chairing meeting later with Office of Rail Regulator chiefs - discussing restoring direct rail link from London to Shropshire. Good news!
Social Care. Many non-EU immigrants, especially from Commonwealth, speak better English than some EU migrants. Filipinos also trained carers
Social Care & Housing. Perhaps stamp duty should be lower for family who buy homes within a defined distance from their 'retired' relatives?
Praised work of prison chaplains. Glad Justice Minister will write to governors to remind them - role chaplains play in restorative justice
Just met with Creative England to make the case for more films being made in Shropshire. Benefits to film industry and Shropshire tourism
State sponsored executions in the US under closer scrutiny as 'experimental drugs' taken three prisoners 30 mins to die - more like torture?
I hope Ed Miliband will support a new 'public interest' test of union takeovers of political parties.....
US companies buying UK companies are not a national security threat - but some Chinese companies might be - but Ed Miliband silent on that?
Marr: Bill Cash is not member of Better Off Out Campaign. Key question for Farage - will UKIP stand against those MPs who are? I suspect so.
Never bought Hello magazine - but with Gorgeous George on the front (the Prince) not Clooney or the Chancellor (!) I'm making an exception
Tax incentives for membership of gyms, a robust voluntary code for salt and sugar content from industry, far better than Labour's fat tax
XX,MPritchardMP,Mark Pritchard ,769,53,0
