@MRitchieMP
Hope Obama's speech will provide help and relief for the undocumented Irish in the USA - hope it will allow them to stay.
Hope Obama's speech to be made later tonight refers to relief measures for undocumented Irish.
At the Women in Business Awards tonight - NI Childrens' Cancer Centre in Newcastle is the charity tonight.
Welcome the investment in Paediatric services in Daisy Hill Hospital announced today. Min now needs to work on building services in Downe.
Congrats to St Peter's Warrenpoint on another great win today. Lots of young club champion Down footballers coming along. Well done to all.
@dmcbfs - thanks.
@dmcbfs - how do I send press releases to you.on regional issues.? Regards. Margaret
@dmcbfs - pleased to meet you at Party Conference David.
Excellent speech from Dolores Kelly at SDLP Conference - party vision outlined.
Just proposed emergency motion at conference demanding that NI Exec and Min for Health abandon cuts regime and put emphasis on people.
SDLP Party Political Broadcast 2014 - YouTube SDLP Always Put Needs of People First; service & delivery important.  https://t.co/04SzKXZbdb
Warm Homes Discount Scheme needs to b extended to NI to help reduce fuel poverty and keep older people warmer in winter.
@Nigel_BCT - will do.
@damian_smyth @ninews - whilst welcome development, we still need western by-pass for Downpatrick. Minister & RdsSer need to deliver on this
@BannSideOsteo - Entertaining, but deliberately shambolic. That's politics Donal.
Congrats to Aidan Doyle and Leigh Anne Curran on winning Strictly last night in Inverbrenna Hall, Strangford. Well Done!!!
Just visited Arbour House Residential facility for people with learning disability in Warrenpoint - excellent resource and congrats to all.
@mlchealth @ColinMGrathSDLP @SDLPlive @DownNewsLtd - bottom line principles upon which hospital were built have not changed.
@ColinMGrathSDLP @SDLPlive @DownNewsLtd @mlchealth - Need  restoration of services stolen from the Downe in the last few yes, & new services
@mlchealth @stephenp75 @setrust - the most important item should be maintaining the Downe as a sustains  model of health care & no bed cuts.
SDLP MPs had busy day in Commons yesterday with Mod Slavery Bill, Ovarian Cancer Debate, NI Affairs Committee & meetings. Today busy too.
Congrats to Drumaness GAC on winning the next round in the Ulster Championship. Well done to all involved.
Good luck to Clonduff, Drumaness and Warrenpoint today in their matches.
Goo
@john_mcevoy_ - John - please e mail me your phone number to m.ritchie@sdlp.ie so that we can arrange a chat at a time that suits both.
@teamsorcha - I have signed petition. I have secured Adjournment Debate on Tuesday coming on Genome testing and Ovarian Cancer.
@ColinMGrathSDLP -doubt the Annacloy connection?
DM@DownGirl9: I hope to be there. Please e mail me details on m. ritchie@sdlp.ie  thanks. M
DM@micky-smyth. Please e mail me on m.ritchie@sdlp.ie. With details. Thanks. Margaret
haps you could re-send it so I can make representations for you. Thanks. Margaret
Silent protest at the Downe Hospital tomorrow at 1.30pm.  Must fight for services and jobs at the Hospital and community care sector.
@mavspan @BBCNewsNI - no, I don't think so. Please we mail me on m. ritchie@sdlp.ie. Thanks.
@DownRec - impact of Health Cuts will be devastating for local community and is centralisation. DUP/SF led Executive is failing the people.
@john_mcevoy_ - sorry John I could not meet you this morning. Please e mail me on m.ritchie @sdlp.ie. I'm happy to meet you for a chat.
@mourneseafood @PubsofUlster - no problem Bob. Happy to help.
@PubsofUlster @mourneseafood - what EU rules on funding?
@mourneseafood @PubsofUlster - do you wish me to pursue for you. If so, please send details to m.ritchie@sdlp.ie
@CollyMcGrath - you are very clever!!!
DM@urbfsbelle - please contact me on margaret.ritchie.mp@parliament.uk with main points.
@CB_PRandPA - thanks Chris. Feel free to contact me on policy issues if you require Westminster resolution.
@BBCnireland @bbcninew - deepest sympathies to the family of Kilrea man. who lost his life in tragic accident at Down Rally today.
@BBCNewsDesk - deepest sympathies to family of Kilrea man who died tragically at Down rrally near Castlewellan today.
BBC News - Down Rally: Ryan Bradley, from Kilrea, dies after car goes into water http://t.co/GgOzzxbqpH
@CitybeatSara - deepest sympathies to the family & friends of man who died in Rally accident in Down today.
@McMahonVic @dailymirrorni _ deepest sympathies to the family of the man that lost his life in the Down Rally near Castlewellan today.
@dailymirrorni - saddened to hear of the accident at Down Rally near Castlewellan.
@pandbbookshop - I attended event and met your colleagues on Monday afternoon.
Irish Govt has been involved in the affairs of N Ireland since Anglo Irish Agreement of Nov 1985 - DUP should stop playing electoral games.
@nwbrux - I recall that you wanted to meet us in Westminster. Is this still in order? If it is, please provide e mail for contact purposes?
@SkyNews - there is also a need to cut vat on tourist attractions - we in N Ireland have to compete with Republic of Ireland where cat is 9%
@jburns834 - I think you have got your answer Jarlath. Good wishes to young Fegan. Regards. Margaret
Congrats to Burren GAC on becoming Down Minor Club Champions tonight.
Must be direct contact between British and Irish Health Ministers to ensure preventative measures in place to combat Enola virus
@mourneseafood @ibec_irl @SimonHamilton - Chancellor needs to act for tourist businesses to provide jobs for wider community.
Historic vote in Parliament tonight to recognise the state of Palestine - I voted for that stance.
@mick_rea - unfortunately No.
Attended local Threshing Day in Teconnaught, Drumaness today. Well atte ex for a good cause - Northern Ireland Children's Hospice.
@pandbbookshop - Hope to be and will drop in.
@pandbbookshop - where is it being held?
Visited Mindwise Open Day in Downpatrick 2day to celebrate World Mental Health Day and to call for greater investment in services for people
'DM@micky -smyth please e mail me on m.ritchie@sdlp.ie
Excellent photo exhibition in Down Arts Centre by Philip Kelly and Raphael Mason of Down Recorder - http://t.co/3ilTfD6hx7
Best wishes to young guy from Burren GAC Club injured in Down Minor Club Championship yesterday - all the crowd extremely supportive.
Congrats to Kilcoo GAA team on winning senior Down championship - superb match. Commiserations to Burren.
@TraolachBT35 @CollyMcGrath - John has the secret of eternal youth.
SDLP - N Ireland
How will you vote in the General Election? I voted Other in the @DailyMirror poll! Have your say: http://t.co/gtVABjEtuC
@Janicegault @CutTourismVAT @HospitalityExch @NIHF - absolutely agree.
@IrishNewsTweets - 3 months later - North/South Ministerial Council meets - hope Narrow Water Bridge is on agenda???
@IrishNewsTweets. - must be no withdrawing by British Govt from the European Convention on Human Rights- we need protections for all.
3 months later North/South Min Council takes place today -  imp that Narrow Water Bridge & and economic growth is on the agenda.
@StephenMcClell3 @TimebankingNI @socialengineni @work_west - will call in some day.  Excellent project worthy of support
@TimebankingNI @socialengineni @work_west @StephenMcClell3 - excellent and impressive.
Welcome the UK Ports Confer to Newcastle hosted by Warrenpoint Harbour Authority - ports are important drivers of the local economy.
Saddened to learn of the death of 2 sisters this morning. Sympathies to their families and to Mercy Community.
pressures tonite in Ulster Hospital, now time to ensure that Consultant A & E cover is restored in the Downe with a suite of new services.
@simplestupid1 - politics is about using levers with govt & agencies to improve the lives of people & communities.
Impressed with the boat built in Strangford launched today which will be part of The Narrows challenge - well done to all involved.
What detailed discussions have FM/DFM held with Treasury about budgetary & welfare issues to improve people's lives? Or just grandstanding?
Congrats to Down GAA Girls team on their magnificent win day - well deserved; excellent play and effort. Heroines for Down.
Good luck to  K Trainor and the Down Girls GAA in the All Ireland Final today.
First Minister acting as if he was PM.!! Where is the joint office in FM/DFM? Service delivery in health, jobs and education 4 ppl needed.
Saddened to learn of the fatality at the Ballagh Road, Newcastle overnight. Deepest sympathies to the bereaved.
We need more areas of devolution from LDN - must not forget that people here want a better quality of life and delivery from NI Executive.
Congrats to the Down Camogie Girls on becoming Junior All Ireland Premier champions - well done to girls, coaches and management
@ConcernVoices - I voted for the Michael Moore bill today.
Supporting World Suicide Day and those who need our help, support and assistance.
@PatientsFirstNI - I agree, but we have still to make the case.
@jonathanhanna22 @mlchealth - please write to the Northern Ireland Human Rights Commission and send me a copy on m. ritchie@sdlp.ie
Told NI Human Rights Commission that 24 hour A @ E consultant led A & E emergency services should be restored at the Downe Hospital.
Just gave evidence to the NI Human Rights Commis on need for health trust to put patients first & ensure access, equity and equality for all
@riverflows77 - thanks.
@riverflows77 Ed: where does one write to his family? Margaret
Very saddened to learn of the passing of Jim Dobbin MP - true principled gentleman.
@AdelaEdithDarcy - will pursue case for you. Please text me your name as I think I may have got it wrong. Regards .
@News_Meister @SDLPlive @AlasdairMcD_MP @doloreskelly @markdurkan - SDLP doesn't approve of paramilitary parades anywhere.
SDLP MPs voted for Affordable Homes PM Bill today in Commons. http://t.co/6JpeHG2Frm
Loughinisland families now need truth & justice - hope that will be forthcoming from inquiry
Release of police files to Police Ombudsman a welcome move - hope it results in a robust report with actions identified 4  Loughinisland.
Did the water bucket challenge today for Macmillan Cancer Care - very cold and sharp dousing, but worthwhile charity that does gd work.
Attended Belfast Community Gospel Choir event in Newcastle tonight - wonderful celebration of talent and song with range of ages & voices.
Saddened to hear of the passing of former An Taoiseach Albert Reynolds - contributed to peace and political process. Sympathies to family.
Should a constituent need help on an issue such as housing, planning, benefits, grants etc please contact me on m.ritchie@sdlp.ie.
@barrabest - thanks Barra. Autumn has come early.
@barrabest - what is the forecast for the next few days?  Where is the heat wave Barra?
Good event last night for Homestart in Down area - well attended. Congrats to all - an organisation that supports families when required.
Congrats to Down Ladies Team on their win today - well deserved!
@CollyMcGrath - very good. Home tomorrow. When r u home?
@CollyMcGrath - how is Paris?
Sign petition on my Facebook page calling for cessation of arms sales and licences to Israel. Calls for end to violence and killing in Gaza.
@nwbrux - not today, but have been there on many occasions.
Further loss of life in Gaza appalling - international community must intervene.
British & Irisg Govts must be more active in intervening in Gaza to end the killing; to bring about a ceasefire and a negotiated settlement.
At Moneyslane FC today for the opening of Jubilee Park and match with Manchester United legends / well done to all.
@barrabest - thanks.
@barrabest - what does the next 5 days say? More showers and sunshine?
@barrabest - what is the long range weather forecast for August?
@notlimahronam - I am sure you are pleased with result.
Pleased that Minister Durkan has secured Executive funds to keep Exploris in Portaferry open - imp to economy in Stangford and congrats.
With Cllr Toman seeking Roads Service to provide safety measures at Ballykinler http://t.co/RnkUCEsFId
With Minister Durkan and Kilkeel Strategic Partnership fighting for investment. http://t.co/9vM3NygmVq
Signed public petition on last Friday at Downe Hospital opposed to EU/USA Trade moves which cud lead to privatisation of NHS.
Attended GI Jive Festival in Kilkeel today. American Consul General there. Well run & impressive. Gd commemm. Of WW2. Congrats to KDA.
@kylaalexandria - visited Newcastle Beach this morning to examine litter and fires - Council must take action to clear and clean.
@proinsias87 - Congrats on new position. Must meet up for dinner in Westminster in September.
@CEMpresident - cliff - did this report look at A and E units in Northern Ireland?
@VoxHiberionacum @MickMcKernan @irarchaeology - would suggest you should visit the Patrician sites in Saul and Downpatrick - the beginning.
@MickMcKernan @VoxHiberionacum @irarchaeology - What about Saul, Struell and Downpatrick - the cradle of Irish Christianity?
Communities need answers and delivery from NI Executive - do not need endless indecision and lack of representation.
Wish Alanna Casement from Annacloy a speedy recovery after bike accident in Castlewellan Forest Park at the weekend.
@unacrudden @TargetOvarian A my office address is 32 Saul Street, Downpatrick, Co Down
@TargetOvarian @unacrudden - yes. I would like to display in my office.
@Ryan_SimpsonNI - So would I . I will be in touch with Harbour Authority to see what is possible. Captain seemed impressed.
@QUBFoodProf - Chris - is this as a result of your report to EFRA Dept? Would like to meet you sometime to discuss?
Need political solutions at NI Executive level; delivery on issues for people and an end to squabbling - leadership, service @ delivery!!
Congrats to Mayobridge Irish Dancers in winning the Ulster Fleadh title. Well done! Best wishes for the next stage.
@SeamusMagee - enjoy retirement. No doubt you will find plenty to do.
@FitzjamesHorse - glad to hear you are fighting fit. Best wishes.
@DeanBowyer1803 - Prime Minister just made statement on Gaza - still defends right of Israel to defend itself.
@FergalMcFerran - UN Security Council needs to take decisive action.
Go to Newcastle today for Diabetes - Type 2 check. Beside Newcastle Centre. Join the fight to reduce the level of diabetes.
Want to see more cruise ships coming into  Warrenpoint Port after yesterday's arrival of the first - good for local economy and tourism
@DownRec @NIFRSOFFICIAL @NI_Amb_Service @MourneMRT - also deserve commendation for work in all life saving operations - land and sea.
@DownRec @NIFRSOFFICIAL @NI_Amb_Service @MourneMRT - Agree - all those involved in the rescue deserve praise in this operation.
Was in Warrenpoint Harbour this morning at 8am to greet the Captain of the first cruise ship - good for tourism and economy.
UN  must work with Palestine and Israel towards a negotiated settlement. Waste of human life through killing must end. Sanctity of life imp
With more shelling in Gaza and communities facing desperation, a ceasefire is urgently need with fresh talks between Palestine and Israel.
Best wishes for a speedy recovery to the man who fell at Bloody Bridge, Newcastle at 3am today. Commendation to Irish Coastguard for work.
Went to @CastlewellanShow today. Excellent exhibition of cattle, sheep, artisan food, crafts etc. congrats to alll. Good family day.
@MickMcKernan - surely you are not bored in Munich, but simply hot and reflective.
Saddened by tonight's attack by Israel on Palestinians in Gaza. International community need to protect lives and reject killings of people
@simplestupid1 - send me an e mail with name and address to m. ritchie@sdlp.ie so I can send questions and answers to you.
@simplestupid1 -?have tabled questions and signed Early Day Motions in Parliament. Situation is worsening.
@GordonBest2 - will continue to pursue with the Treasury and in the House of Commons.
@LifeAdventureCt @utv @CutTourismVAT    Agree - will continue to pursue with the Treasury in London, and in the Commons.
Asked leader of the House for debate in Commons on reinstatement of Aggregate Credit Levy Scheme - would benefit NI economy.
Hallett has reported on OTRs; must not be used to impede political progress, and talks on the Past & other Issues must start again.
@niall_robb - thanks - that shouting was due to the arrival of PM into the chamber.
Voted against the Snoopers/Data comms Bill on Second reading today and voted for greater scrutiny time to examine legislation.
Raised the issue of Carers and probed Minister about future funding priorities and allocations for this sector in Commons today.
Raised the need for meaningful Childcare payments in Commons last night.
@MickMcKernan - unfortunately Down were beaten by Kildare. Was there to watch it in Newry. Congrats to Armagh and supporters of course !!!!
@guardianeco - this should be a marker for British Govt to abandon plans for new nuclear power stations.
@DGreenOfficial - free travel must be retained. I spoke to Minister Kennedy about the need for it to kept. Min waiting for monies 2 b apprv
Important that free travel for older people is retained - provides great accessibility to shops and attractions for many individuals.
Secretary of State has invoked national security considerations to avoid an inquest into shootings at Loughgall. What has Brit Govt to hide?
Welcome the new jobs for Kilkeel Seafoods - will help to  sustain the local economy.
Very disappointed  to learn about the attack on the Oratory in Kilkeel - anyone with information should provide it to the
Police.
@_NewcastleNinja - did you not contact Down District Council?
Disappointing for Garth Brooks' fans that concerts have been cancelled - disappointing for Irish economy
Just questioned Minister for Health in Commons when the new Men B vaccine will be available - needed to save lives of babies under 1 yr old.
@CollyMcGrath - physical activity of councillors knows no bounds.
@irarchaeology @MickMcKernan - have you found any Patrician and or early Christianity references?
@polly_cann - good for the mind, heart, soul and of course body.
@polly_cann - hope u r celebrating that Djokovic has won. We all enjoyed wedding.
@polly_cann - hope you are enjoying the tennis and had a great day yesterday.
@judethmc - Judeth -  you are very welcome.
@FionaMcKay1 @WrapandRollni - you are very welcome.  Hope charity quiz goes well
Communities in Northern Ireland deserve leadership, service, representation and delivery.
@Galway1992 - will make representations again to Transport NI, and will advise them of your compelling interest in this matter.
@Connaire1 - yes. EFRA report published this week on food security deals with it as well.
Took part in a discussion today in Commons on cost of living, food security and need for retailers to be sensitive to those with less money.
@GarySpedding - I attended part of debate. I support retention of DSA and will make representations to Education Minister.
@twoshadesofhope - I attended part of the debate. I support retention of DSAs. I also have EFRA committee this afternoon.
@DodsEvents - in which room?
@AlexC93 - I hope to attend - I have already signed the Early iDay Motion regarding allowances for Disabled students.
Congrats to Down Recorder on winning award for weekly newspaper of the  year - full of human local interest stories - well deserved.
@kalinkovichi1 @BryantDjbryant - let's hope so.
@kalinkovichi1 @BryantDjbryant - lobby for bridge must continue with both govts and North South Ministerial Council.
Minister for Education needs to resolve problems with teachers'redundancy issue which emerged this week - pupils, teachers and schools hit.
@mccartanshoes - will find out and come back to you.
@kevtaggart - what is your address Kevin? Do you live in Meadowland? Margaret
@TennisNewcastle @ShimnaIC - should it not read Saturday 5 th July?
@ayestotheright - thanks Tony.
@ayestotheright - when r u doing the Total Politix interview for? Margaret
Sincere sympathies and condolences to Gerry Conlan's partner and family on his sad passing earlier today. RIP
Very saddened to learn of the death of Gerry Conlan. A man full of resilience and determination who was a tireless campaigner for justice.
@BRCAUmbrella - thanks for offer of help. Will be in touch if I am successful in ballot for adjournment debate.
In Loughinisland last night for commemoration mass with families of bereaved and the survivors - truth and justice is NOW required.
Just tabled a motion in Commons on Ovarian Cancer - calling for BRCA/1 gene testing 2 b available in Northern Ireland for diagnostic purps.
@mick_rea - thanks Michelle.
@SDLPlive @_katedevlin - many thanks.
20th anniversary Loughinisland killings today -  truth and justice required for families of dead and survivors. PSNI 2 work with PONI now.
@Vernon_CoakerMP - Happy Birthday Vernon.
@NoFrackingNI - I signed today EDM to ban fracking.
Equal access to Cancer Drugs must be provided in Northern Ireland.
If thinking of a new business product you can apply to Invest NI for an Innovation Voucher. If you need help contact me on m.ritchie@sdlp.ie
Where is the agri-food strategy -DARD and DETI Ministers need to produce the goods for our farming and rural economy
Very impressed with Colin Smith's interview on Radio Ulster today as a Loughinisland survivor urging for truth and justice for the bereaved
@DamianMcL - SDLP published 2 sets of proposals over last few years to reinvigorate the economy. Send me e mail address and I will forward.
Urged the Brit Govt in Commons today to rectify the problems for many people suffering from cost of living crisis.
Saddened that a lady was stabbed at Post Office in Downpatrick today - callous and unacceptable attack. Good wishes to the lady.
Inter-party talks must happen with no barriers put in place by any Political Party.
@SMcC_TheDetail - asked question of Secretary of State in Commons today - I don't Brit Govt don't want to give impetus to talks.
Just tabled motion in Commons on the need for Brit Govt to protect and enhance the budget of NI Human Rights Commission .
@twoshadesofhope - Aisling - signed EDM on DSA for disabled students.
@Connaire1 - will explore and pursue for them.
Met NI Children's Hospice today in Commons - strategy for Palliative Care needs funded by Minister for Health in NI.
Pressed Secretary of State for NI to ensure that she moves with some speed to ensure a positive outcome to talks to build a shared future.
Met @OvarianCancer action today in Commons - govts need to approve BRCA1/2 gene testing. Will press Ministers on this.
@CassandraCogno - is this by letter or Early Day Motion?
@SMG_CEM_NI @EmergNursesNI - what progress on staff grade doctors at weekends for Downe?
@scotushibernus @damian smyth - Yes I think so.
@scotushibernus @damian smyth - I remember her well but piano was not my forte!!!! M
@CyrilDobbin Another bit of our local heritage in Downpatrick which needs more signage and interpretation.
Ducks on the River Quoile today. A beautiful place to walk. http://t.co/MGTdPBzQS7
@ConorMcGinn - what a wonderful Tomas!!!
@twoshadesofhope I signed EDM today, and submitted it to the Table Office in House of Commons today.
@twoshadesofhope - I support DSA , but do not know as yet when vote will take place in House of Commons.
@FergalMcFerran @nusuk - I signed the Early Day Motion on SDA, and submitted it to the Table Office.
@mavspan @CollyMcGrath @edwin_poots - can't get paid.
@CollyMcGrath @edwin_poots - this mess about health service staff must be rectified. Need to be paid properly.
Attended Unison protest at Downe Hospital today with staff against unfair pay with @CollyMcGrath, @terry Andrews, john Doris and M McCarthy
PSNI must provide urgent clarity and reassurance on Loughinisland Massacre to affected families of those killed and injured on 18/6/94.
@SLocktight @NFSP_UK - agree that POCA must be retained.
Lack of a and e doctors at weekends in the Downe Hospital Emergency Dept at weekends must be part of new Human Rights Commission investigat.
Loughinisland Massacre families need truth and justice and not endless frustration and delays into the investigations of the murders.
@derek_fee - has a planning application been submitted?
@Connaire1 - will pursue with Treasury.
@the_mcquade - take the point about the leader of anti-slavery, but a Down man by adoption.
Met the Young St Patrick Ambassadors from North America tonight who are bringing the Patrician heritage message to USA from
Saul n Downpk.
Just visited Saul Street Apartment Block where a fore took place this morning, talked to residents and urged NIHe to make good damage.
@face_project @cooperationirl - very pleased to have attended and will continue to support this project.
Good news about 40 new jobs at Super Valu store in Crossgar - along with Nursing Home under construction will help in sustaining economy.
@mickcollins1922 @AlexForEurope @CollyMcGrath @cllr_sharvin - thanks mock.
Attended meeting with BE Aerospace Shop Stewards and Unite Union officials in Kilkeel. Total support from SDLP for staff and factory.
Best wishes and good luck to the Down GAA Team today in Omagh - the people of Down are behind you all the way.
@AidyHenn @Batonrelay2014 Thanks for letting me know.
Great win last night for Drumaness Mills FC - next stage is that they need support for pitch development.
@naomi_utv - I met with Unite yesterday and have made representations to Economy Minister to ensure security for jobs and production line.
At Balmoral Show today - wonderful opportunity for farming and agri-food industry.
@DamianMcL - yes. Happy to chat about cost of insurance and other issues.
@MickMcKernan @Connaire1 /- Really!!!!
@DamianMcL - there are several areas that need to be examined - referral fees ban; looking at the whole cost of claims. Awaiting report.
@Connaire1 - yes and also for the elderly.
Need for car insurance to be reduced in Northern Ireland.
@Bazmcveigh - will do. Margaret
Apart from purely tribal reasons, why would anyone vote for ANY candidate other than Alex Attwood in the European election on 22nd May.
Heard @AlexForEurope on Inside Politics and on Talkback - clearly he is the strongest candidate - head and shoulders above others.
Please support the retention of the Post Office Card Account - support post office network and all those who use and cd use such accounts.
Great race morning around the Lakes for charity organised by Downpatrick Lions Club - congrats to all.
@SMG_CEM_NI - thanks Sean. Margaret
@SMG_CEM_NI Sean: I hope that the Trust is not closing 8 medical beds in the Downe Hospital. Opposed to this. Please confirm.
Please support World Ovarian Cancer Day which is today - we need minister for health to have solo campaign for Ovarian Cancer in N Ireland.
@ash_is_here - Mark and I signed an Early Day Motion innCommons yesterday in support of the Nigerian girls.
Just met TheOKFoundation - Defibrilators should be made compulsory in all public buildings.
Just raised the need for legal aid  to be protected in commons to ensure proper access to justice for all.
@TheOKFoundation - could you meet at 5pm? I could meet you in the Central Lobby of the House of Commons.
McConville Family should never be forgotten in Adams saga - they deserve justice and answers as does the family of Robert McCartney.
At Castlewellan Fair Day with @AlexForEurope. and colleagues. Met many people  out for the day with family and friends. Good response.
@TheOKFoundation - could meet in Central Lobby at 2pm.
@TheOKFoundation - yes.
Why did Gerry Adams choose to go into to be questioned yesterday? Why did he not wait until after the election?
Another golden archaeology find in Lecale this week - the area is just steeped in history!
@AlexForEurope - meeting them again I tomorrow - great cross community group in Ballykinler.
@dermycahill @eastdownac - I support the provision of a running track. Will talk to you about that Dermot. Margaret
@unit2plus4 - Samuel, I will come to you. Best regards. Margaret
Glad that the new Down Leisure will get full planning approval - let's move now with construction of a facility for all for this century.
@LauraDevlinSDLP - great day. Onwards and upwards for Devlin.
@adrianmarkey -  we are still pursuing this with Treasury and the Hospitality Federation. Would be happy to discuss.on m.ritchie@sdlp.ie
@MourneObserver - thanks.
@MourneObserver - sorry to hear about the accident. Any injuries?
Happy enjoyable and hopefully sunny Easter to all the people of South Down and further afield. Hope the eggs come rolling in!
Attended celebrations today for the 20th birthday for Tinytoons Playgroup in Ballyhornan - excellent project for families. Congrats!
Met a group of Americans at St Patrick Centre today who were on the Patrician Heritage Trail - more govt investment in Patrician product.
Saddened to hear of the death of Assembly Member of David McClarty - a decent polite friendly man. Sympathies to his widow and family.
At Circuit of Ireland Rally stage in Downpatrick. http://t.co/hEIsII1NV5
Good day in Downpatrick at the Circuit of Ireland rally - great weather, plenty of people and a wonderful event.
Pleased that Slieve Roe Residential Home in Kilkeel is staying open but Minister must permit home to take new residents.
Highly impressed with the new Community Hall in Saul which was officially opened today and dedicated to the late Peter Craig - well done!!
Congrats to all those who took part and those who won in the Chair of Down Council's awards - well  done to Council Chair and officers.
Good public health meeting in Newcastle tonight urging for the restoration of Doctor led weekend A and E provision at the Downe Hospital.
Great speech by President Higgins in Parliament today - we must renew our efforts towards building reconciliation between all.
Looking forward to President Higgins' address to Parliament this afternoon - deepening Irish/British relations.
@keating_joseph @MaireadMcGMEP - what is the solution?
@MaireadMcGMEP - will pursue from Northern side and come back to you. Margaret
@MaireadMcGMEP - will this deal with the issue of Nomad Cattle?
@dermycahill @eastdown- local dedicated running track is required.
Great day in Downpatrick today with @AlexForEurope and @CollyMcGrath - loads of issues and people.
Delighted that Irish Open is coming to Royal County Down in May 2015. Great news for Newcastle and South Down. Hope new investment comes.
@NICancerFund -  congrats on Daisy Lodge - an excellent project which will bring benefit to families with children with cancer.
Raised the need to reduce vat on tourism products on an intervention in the House of Commons this afternoon - govt needs to support business
Attending the most wonderful Assumption Grammar School Concert in ulster Hall - powerful singing and instrumentalists- superb talent.
Excellent production of Meet me in St Louis by St Patrick's Choral Society in Downpatrick - congrats to all involved - well done.
@proinsias87 - congrats on your new job at St Mary's University college in Twickenham.
@pjrea - was very happy to support their project over the last number of years- so many families have been helped and supported.
Delighted to visit Daisy Lodge at Shimna Valley today - respite place for families with children with various types of cancers.
@SMG_CEM_NI - don't disagree on the need for honest debate.  
Public. need to see action to correct failures within the health system.
Minister for Health must find solutions to
crisis in Accident  and Emergency services.  Problems have persisted for too long a period.
@Connaire1 - thanks Connaire.
@GarySpedding - belated birthday greetings and hope you had a good day.
@yvetteshapiro - thanks Yvette.
@GarySpedding - Gary - many thanks for birthday greetings and best wishes.
@GarySpedding @SDLPlive @AlasdairMcD_MP @markdurkan - yes Gary - SDLP MPs voted against welfare cap in Commons today.
Attended table quiz tonight organised by Soroptimists for New Line Counselling - a worthy charity helping many people & communities.
Great news about the decision to commission meningitis B vaccine. Good news for babies and hopefully children.
@DownDCofficial
@naomi_utv - Naomi - this issue has been raised with me on several occasions. Working poor now a major issue requiring resolution.
@ConorMcGinn @KateGroucutt - beautiful baby Tomas Patrick. Enjoy the festivities.
@CollyMcGrath @eamonnmcgrady1- brilliant float in St Patrick's Day parade. Good emphasis on retaining & building services at Downe Hosp.
Congrats to @DownDCofficial, St Patrick Centre, Down Cathedral, Church Leaders, and  others for great Patrician festival in Lecale.
At Downpatrick St Patrick parade  - a wonderful celebration of several cultures in honour of our national saint in Lecale.
Happy St Patrick's Day to all tomorrow from St Patrick's Country where you can follow in the footsteps of St Patrick.
Wonderful Voices of Ireland concert in Down Cathedral celebrating our area's unique Patrician heritage - professional young singers.
Congrats to Down GAA team on beating Donegal today - onwards and upwards.
@Connaire1 Cllr Laura Devlin took part as did Patrick and many others.
Commend all those who took part in Jimmy's 10K today in Downpatrick - reports that over 800 people took part - investment in track requird.
Very successful quiz run by Downpatrick Lions tonight for a Children's' Heart Charity called Cody - worthwhile cause and enjoyable night.
Congrats to Ireland Rugby Team on their good win over France today.
@AliceGregr - feel free to contact me if you need me on that issue.
Deeply saddened by the tragic death of Declan Small from Mayobridge in Norfolk air crash - a stalwart of the local community.
Successful Patrician and High Crosses conference in Down County Museum today. Patrician heritage sleeping giant for tourism and economy.
Dermot Curran Young Achievers very successful today - young people with innovative business ideas and expertise. Showcase for the area.
@fionap1985 - thanks.
@AliceGregr - yes. Have u got my number? Thanks.
Also very saddened to learn if the death of another young constituent in the air crash last night. My sympathies to all.
Very saddened to learn of the death of Eddie Haughey - a constituent from Rostrevor and 3 others in a helicopter crash last night.
Disappointing news about DVA jobs - govt must find work for these people .
@wendytalksback - Wendy - Downpatrick and Saul has all the assets associated with Patrick from his landing site, first church and grave.
@QUB_PSS - just signed it.
At Hospital meeting in Ballynahinch tonight - trust need to reinstate weekend doctor led A and E service at the Downe Hospital.
@NiallGibbons - good to see you last week. We want people to come to Downpatrick and Saul to celebrate Patrick and visit all the sites.
Chancellor needs to reduce fuel duty in next week's budget to help hard pressed communities.
@SusanRussam @unacrudden - support campaign. Please send me details.
Congrats to Ireland Rugby team on their magnificent victory over Italy today.
@unacrudden - look forward to receiving it.
@unacrudden - Yes Una. Please send me details to m.ritchie@sdlp.ie so that I can make representations to the Minister.
@wendytalksback - thanks Wendy
Happy International Women's Day - support the development and promotion of women in all spheres of life through govt and agencies policies.
Good canvass in Newcastle today with @AlexForEurope, Local SDLP candidates and other party 
Members.
Parking Association need to sort out with govt high car parking penalties - need to have pro job creation and business schemes.
@deirdreheen - Don't forget my dear colleagues Dolores Kelly and Karen McKevitt.
Celebrate St Patrick's Day this year in Downpatrick and Saul areas where all the Patrician assets are located - govt must invest in Patrick.
Tabled Pqs today to NIO, Defence. And Attorney General to get to the bottom of letters associated with scheme.
@Bazmcveigh - yes. Will pursue for you. Thanks.
Met Aidan McQuade from Anti Slavery Network today - commissioner reporting to Parliament required. Mark Durkan was there too.
St Patrick's Day should be a public holiday - I tabled a motion in Commons last week.
Congrats to the Down GAA team who had a magnificent win over Louth yesterday - well done - onwards and upwards.
@J0hnB0yC - yes. Ask Maggie to e mail me on m.ritchie@sdlp. Ie
@J0hnB0yC - I just signed petition and will fight for greater awareness and funding for pancreatic cancer in Parliament
@pupaid - what time is the drop in session and in what room?
Urged the Health Secretary in Commons today to resolve issue regarding shortage of A and E doctors.
Have tabled questions in Parliament today urging assistance for fishermen who have lost earnings due to bad weather preventing fishing.
NI Executive need to address challenges of climate change - impacting on livelihoods.  http://t.co/x0ryhR35Fw
Fishermen need a hardship payment to cover days lost at sea due to bad weather. https://t.co/tElTVEvz9b
Met fishermen, farmers, industrialists and business reps yesterday with @AlexForEurope, @Karen_McKevitt,, and @Sean_rogers_Mla.
Unanimous opposition in Downpatrick tonight at the public meeting to the withdrawal of A and E services at the Downe Hospital.
Public meeting in Downpatrick  tonight regarding withdrawal of A and E services from hospital - ministerial and trust action needed .
Govt's welfare reform proposals unfair and place people at greater levels of financial disadvantage and poverty.
Pleased that Irish Open is coming to Royal County Down in Newcastle next year- wonderful opportunity for golf and tourism opportunities.
@arlenemcd27 @PubsofUlster - please keep in touch.
@arlenemcd27 - concerted pressure required from ni hospitality industry on the Treasury
Momentum still building for a reduction of VAT on tourism products in Northern Ireland - hope the Chancellor addresses this in budget.
Visited Quoile Fold in Downpatrick today - met residents; chatted with them about issues including need for weekend A & E at Downe Hospital.
@CEMpresident - I will contact your PA tomorrow to make arrangements for Monday 24 February.
@CEMpresident - would welcome meeting  at Westminster with you on the A & E crisis and shortage of Doctors in  Northern Ireland.
Went to all island Peace Proms for young people today in Belfast: excellent, enjoyable and congrats to all. Worthy project needs Govt funds.
@M2a2c2a - I will pursue for you.
@bartoncreeth @SluggerOToole - my earlier tweet should have read Gillian Fitzpatrick in Newry and mourne - very enterprising.
@bartoncreeth @SluggerOToole - you should also chat to Laura Devlin in Down and Gillian Flanagan in Newry and Mourne.
@bartoncreeth @SluggerOToole - you should chat to Maria McCarthy in Down who is current chair and will be running for new Council.
Meningitis B vaccine needs to be commissioned by British Govt - children's protection, health and well being comes first.
@barrabest - Barra - what time is the storm due to start, and how long will it last?  Will it bear down on the east coast?
@PatientClient - I will be there.  Clinical and care needs of patients come first.
@Bazmcveigh - Safe journey.
@Bazmcveigh - presumably you are still in London.
Top marks to Aer Lingus pilot & crew who got us back to Belfast at 11.00 pm last night following severe storm - keep safe.
@adrianmarkey - I will be in touch,
@adrianmarkey @Connaire1 - Adrian - would welcome a chat or meeting with you as I intend pursing this issue in Parliament.
@barrabest @Bigshow83 - ni executive needs to make sure this wall is made resilient as a coastal defence.
@tv_KevinSharkey @LifestyleNewry - NI Executive need to ensure that this sea wall is made resilient as coastal defence to weather and tides.
@mlchealth @SpotlightNI @bbcnewsline - minister for Heath must investigate all methods of recruiting A and E Doctor - focus must be people.
@BelfastRoyalAc - really enjoyed vist, meeting and discussing a range of political issues with the students.
Debate which I secured on cutting Vat on tourism products will take place in Westminster Hall this morning - govt action required.
@StPatricks2014 @Maginnsbar - In Downpatrick in the heart of StPatrick's Country and cradle of Irish Christianity
Met Minister Poots today and stressed the need to reinstate A and E 24/7 at the Downe Hospital. Colin McGrath and Sean Rogers MLA with me.
Support a ban on smoking in cars and other vehicles - to protect the health of children and others.
@FearghalSDLP @LyricBelfast @MarkCarruthers7 - will be going whenever I am free! Saw Colleen Bawn last week - it was a wonderful production.
Ireland did extra well today.  What a fine win! Congrats to all - players, coaches, management of the Irish team.
I support lowering the voting age to 16 as I firmly believe in greater engagement and participation in the democratic process.
@RDC_NI - thanks for letting me know.
@ManufacturingNI - many thanks. Please e mail me on  m.ritchie@sdlp.ie
@ManufacturingNI Will investigate and pursue this issue.
@ManufacturingNI - I agree - Utility Regulator needs to intervene and adequately use their challenge function with Power NI.
Just took part in Energy pricing debate in Commons 

 urging for fairness for all in - particularly relief for hard pressed families.
Congrats to the Ireland Rugby team on beating Scotland today.
@PaddyJManning @averilpower @vinb @Pat_J_Blair
Happy St Brigid's Day from Downpatrick  - the burial place of Patrick, Brigid and Colmcille .
Glad that MJM - b McConville from Rathfriland has bought over Mivan and create 50 jobs - good news for local economy and best wishes to all.
SETrust must ensure that Doctor led A and E services are restored at weekends at the Downe Hospital - minor injuries a stop gap measure.
@nolansfatneck - watch out for story on elevated levels of radioactivity at Sellafield - possible impacts on health and environment.
Peopl paying electricity bills should all be treated equally in billing terms - unfair that discounts are given to those who pay by DD
@cllr_j - have been pursuing that. Hope you are well Jenny.
Minister for Health must instruct south eastern trust to restore weekend A and E services at the Downe Hosp - urgently required .
@setrust must come forward with proposals to re- open A and E Dept  at weekends - not a minor injuries unit as proposed by the Trust today.
Pushed Chancellor to take action against Ulster Bank and RBS  over reports about attempts to bankrupt viable businesses in N.Ireland.
at launch of plans for new adventure playground in Ardglass - work to start in February with completion by the end of March - gd for kids.
Welcome Minister Durkan's dereliction funding for Kilkeel, Rostrevor and Warrenpoint - will enable some environmental regeneration.
W@EnergyBillRev @age_uk @barnardos - yes - hope to be there. What venue is the event being held in?
@Joe_AsdaNI - Great visit to ASDA store in Downpatrick today - heard first hand about community participation in projects & local food supl.
@SeamusMagee - definitely walking in Patrick's footsteps.
At Crossgar Community Assoc tonight - good Commiittee; endorsed the need for restoration of A and E at weekends in the Downe Hospital.
@mavspan Petitions are available into office at 32 Saul Street, Downpatrick for signature. Please call when it suits.
@PaulClark_UTV - SDLP MPs met Financial Conduct Authority in London this week to discuss access to banking services, RBS and Ulster Bank
Please sign Down Community Health Comm petition for the restoration of A & E provision at weekends in the Downe Hospital - Minister must act
@JohnMcCallister - congrats John to you, your wife and family. Hope all is well with the family - a politician or new entrant to farming!
SDLP MPs supported Lords amendments to Lobbying Bill in Commons yesterday.
Meeting with farmers today to discuss CAP; need to improve farm incomes, impact of TB on herds & Otr issues. http://t.co/8BNrEDT13d
Good enjoyable performance by children from Patrician Youth Centre in Panto today - Snow White - congrats to all involved.
At SDLP special meeting on Health today - re-affirmed need for Minister to intervene in A & E crisis and ensure Dtrs are recruited for DOwne
Two main Parties in NI/ North of Ireland can't govern - they resort to name calling for electoral advantage - no community interest.
@LynnetteRussell @dpkgossip - please send me petition via e mail to m.ritchie@sdlp.ie so we can get them signed.
Had meeting with Minister Gauke in relation to jobs in Newry HMRC today - robust case made - need for jobs and services to be kept.
Raised the crisis in A and E services in Commons today and the need for joint discussions between Ni Minister and English Ministers .
Told Minister Poots today that he needs to come to Downe Hospital and ensure restoration of A and E services.
@Jamie_utv - any means of calculating the online retail market in N Ireland over Christmas period?
Health Minister must give assurances today that weekend A & E cover will be restored forthwith at Downe Hospital - priority for local people
Minister for DRD must ensure that Roads Service undertake a full gritting service in South Down - road safety must be priority.
Campaign to address problems in A and E services in NI  moves to Assembly and continues in Parliament this week.
Health and Social Care Board needs to ensure with Minister for Health and Trust that weekend A & E services are restored to Downe Hospital.
Minister for Health and S E Trust need to restore A & E services at the Downe Hospital. People deserve and demand the return of services.
Good meetings with Alex Attwood  - our European candidate - met several community groups including reps from farming community.
Crisis in the A & E in the Royal - and the @setrust and Health Board push ill people from Down area to Belfast hospitals at weekends if ill.
Welcome the near £1million from Heritage Lottery Fund for the refurbishment of Town Park in Warrenpoint. Congrats to wpt comm for hard work.
@mlchealth @BBCNewsNI - Dept of Health needs to pro-actively tackle the shortage of Accd & Emergency doctors - issue now hitting hospitals.
Raised the need for investment in flood defence/coastguard services in Commons today.
Minister for Health, the Trust and the Board need to ensure a return to weekend accident and emergency services at the Downe Hospital.
Health Minister must now ensure restoration 
 of weekend  Accident and Emergency services at the Downe. Hospital - Trust and Bd hv work todo
Congrats to Down GAA team, mentors, coaches and management on beating UUJ today. Well done!
Anyone in need of flooding or flooding defence assistance please ring me on 028 44 612882.
@raphaelmason @Drumaness_Mills @nj654 - congrats to Drmaness Mills.
Anyone in need of flooding assistance can ring my office on 028 44 612882.
Just into Newcastle; witnessed the waves coming onto Downs Road car park - impact of the spring tides and  many spectators.
@Shauna_utv - NI Executive needs to implement a workable plan to protect communities as a result of tidal/storm and flooding issues today.
Important that a sound contiguency plan is put in place to deal with storm and persistent flooding to protect people by @niexecutive today.
@oldwarrenpoint @Connaire1 - need to be pursued now.
Action now required from NI Executive on a multi departmental basis to deal with persistent flooding as a result of bad weather.
@JoanneSDLP @SDLPlive - best wishes Joanne for the Council elections. Just remember we want to build a more caring compassionate society.
@Connaire1 @WGC_live @thepointfc - hope they do it on Saturday.
@WGC_live @thepointfc - congrats to @WGC_live on your win today.  Another great set of sporting ambassadors for south Down and Warrenpoint.
Next round of appls for Coastal Communities Fund opens in New Year - coastal comms in South Down take note - job creation for constituency.
Welcome funding from Minister Durkan for lobster hatchery project in Kilkeel - promoted by Kilkeel Development Association - good news again
Tourism in South Down given a boost today by Minister @MarkHDurkan's news today of funding today for developments at Dundrum Castle.
Over £1 million announced today by Minister Durkan for the development of Visitor's Centre & flood lighting at Dundrum Castle - great news.
@mavspan - thanks for that information
@mavspan - I'm still pursing the Minister, Dept of Health and Health and Social Care Board about the need for 7 day cover.
Happy and prosperous New Year to all the community in South Down, and further afield .
@nkbelfast @MairaidMcMahon - congratulations to both of you. Best wishes and good fortune for the future.
@Connaire1 @Meabh_Kelly - will look at that area of vat again.
@Meabh_Kelly - will look at that area of vat again.
Need for Brit govt to bring about a reduction in VAT for tourism prices in budget in march so that businesses can compete with souther n irl
Brought American Consul to visit BE Aerospace, Kilkeel business/fishing reps and Whitewater Brewery today - Kilkeel open for business.
Queried the training requirements for middle grade doctors during a debate on Accident and Emergency Services in the House of Commons today.
@GordonBest2 @NIOPressOffice - Aggregates levy needs sorted out. Pressure on the European Commission to sort it out & Treasury to deliver.
Told Health Minister today that he and SETrust must not let A&E services at the Downe Hospital be reduced or closed - doctor cover requird.
@NeeneeBradley - of course - post men and women go out in all weathers servicing the local community.
Visited the Royal Mail sorting office this morning to thank the hard working post men for all their efforts particularly at Christmas time.
@EDDIEOHARE - quite clear pressure needs to be firmly kept on Cameron and British govt by politicians & community - no let up in fight.
Questiond  the Cabinet Minister in Commons today if N Ireland files under the 30 year rule have gone to National Archive - he didn't know.
Went to Downing Street with M Durkan MP and others including NIPSA to hand in petition opposed to the closure of DVA in Coleraine.
@Redhigh1934 - congrats to St Patrick's on your well deserved win.
@TurnTheTideUKYP - already spoke in the House of Commons last week about looking at ways to end cyber bullying.
@MickMcKernan - as I told Cameron in the Commons some months ago - unfair and unworkable. It has now proved to be an
Achilles heel for govt
questioned the welfare secretary in the commons on the shambles that is welfare reform & why govt wants to impose this unfair benefit.
Met eager young archaeologists in Down Museum today - interested in the environmental and economic value and benefit of local Down heritage.
Mandela - a man of immense political substance who challenged prejudice, racism ,apartheid - an inspiration to a generation. Rest in Peace.
Attending the All Party Group on Post Offices in Commons - rural post offices an important service and hub for local community in South Down
Raised the plight of the persecutions of Christians in Commons today - Brit govt must work with other govts to end such terror agst people.
Treasury must ensure protection of jobs in Newry HMRC Centre and provide good accessible service to customers in South Down.
Have secured adjournment debate today in House of Commons on Newry HMRC  Centre where public sector jobs are under threat.
@MickMcKernan  -  yes great expectations of a Christmas Carol.
@Connaire1 - hope it goes well. Promotion of local businesses important.
Highly commendable efforts by all involved in Dickens Day in Kilkeel yesterday - good start to festive season in promoting local businesses.
Attended 2 good community events in Crossgar & Downpatrick today - commend events full of voluntary effort and charitable giving.
NIO Minister agrees to meet colleagues and me about the threat to jobs in the Newry HMRC Centre - such jobs need protection.
Congrats to the @KilcooGAC on their magnificent win yesterday - let's hope that it is onwards and upwards for the team and management.
NI exec. needs to prioritise health spend and manage resources in a better way to address the winter pressures and the needs of community.
Hope  suspension of lobbying bill to let consultation to take place will mean that govt will abandon their abuse of voluntary sector.
@patsymcglone @SaveExploris @SDLPlive - important marine environmental facility for Strangford Lough - where is govt/Ards council commitment
@patsymcglone @SaveExploris @SDLPlive - we need to see a financial commitment from Ni Executive to Exploris - imp for tourism in South Down.
Full and complete disclosure from Gerry Adams and the republican movement on The Disappeared is now required.
@CollyMcGrath - both churches grounded as is Downpatrick in our greatest asset. - St Patrick - bring on more product development of Patrick
Sheer hypocrisy of republicans who profess humanity and decency but hide the truth on where people whom they abducted are buried.
sheer brutality of those gunmen who forcibly removed people from families shown on tv programme - please find relief for families.
Will be calling at the Patient and Client Council stand at SDLP Conference on Saturday - health needs of community & patients must be first.
@LauraKing44 - welcome to twitter.
@AngusMacNeilMP - happy oiche samhna.
Another book written on St  Patrick - further product development required in Saul & Downpatrick where Patrician assets exist. - tourismtool
Questioned EFRA lead Minister, Owen Paterson today at Committee on the need for N. Ireland to retain the historic share CAP budget.
Congrats to @teconnaughtgfc on winning the replay of the Down GAA Junior Club championship - first time since the formation of the Club.
@Connaire1 - yes. Will continue to pursue with the Chancellor on tourism and air passenger duty front. Brit govt  need 2 step up 2 the mark.
@drivetimerte - another reason why Vat on tourism products in the North needs to be reduced by the British Govt - Chancellor pay heed!
@TheDownRecorder @cllr_sharvin - good man Gareth.  @SaveExploris - needs all our support as a centre of learning and marine life in Lough.
Unacceptable that the Economy Minister wants to break up the @ConsumerCouncil
- a good org. Representing consumers on a range of policies.
Congrats to Drumgath GFC on winning the Down Club Intermediate Final in parc Esler , Newry today.  Teconnaught GFC drew - have to play again
Good Luck to @teconnaughtgfc today in the Down Junior GAA Final in Newry today.
Very surprised that First M. and Deputy First Minister have not made representations regarding privatisation of Royal Mail.
Kilkeel Collaborative Network attending international business conference in Belfast promoting the benefits of the outer harbour development
Attended and unveiled the mosaic for @DownpatrickShed yesterday - good social and heal well being project for men in the wider Down area.
Just tabled Early Day Motion in the Commons opposed to Privatisation of Royal Mail and the need to protect postal networks in rural areas.
Just signed Early Day Motion in Commons urging financial support for Exploris in Portaferry. A good environmental institution.
@NiallGibbons - Niall - I hope this will extend to St Patrick's Country which has all the Patrician assets - began and ended his ministry.
@HospitalityExch @Connaire1 - thanks.  Will make further representations to Chancellor of Exchequer.
@debbie_mc - why not? Many people employed in tourism and a main economic driver.
@SeamusMcAleavey - interested in your report. Welfare reform cuts will cause further misery on top of PM's attack on under 25s - jobs th key
Heard your story on Need for VAt on tourism to be reduced. Have already tabled early day motion in Commons on this issue.  Must be pursued.
@CollyMcGrath - unacceptable if this is the case. I will be on the hunt with the South Eastern Trust as well.
Concerned about reports that some bank manual staff in Downe Hosp. Have been told their jobs are under threat. Is this correct? Ring office.
Continue the fight to reduce VAT on tourism. Would make a difference to local economy if reduced. Chancellor needs to listen to NI.
Went to Queen's SDLP stall at Fresher's week today.  Congrats to all the guys and girls getting stuck into campaigns on issues for all.
Attending event in NI @niassembly opposed to privatisation of Royal Mail and postal services.  Keep postal services in public sector.
@Placescrisis - yes.  There will be problems with funding in rural schools in Northern Ireland as result of common funding formula .
At the public meeting tonight in Portaferry supporting the need for regional funding for Exploris. We need long term sustainable funding.
Congrats to Clough Old School Group on the opening of refurbished building - good example of rural regeneration & a day of celebration.
@Connaire1 @MarkHDurkan @Karen_McKevitt - great visit today with Minister Mark H Durkan throughout South Down visiting projects.
Where are the Ministers for Finance and Tourism on the Exploris project?  Will they instruct their officials to provide funding?
@PubsofUlster - totally agree that Exploris as a tourist attraction makes an important contribution to local economy all around the Lough.
@SaveExploris - from South Down side of the Lough - keep Exploris open is the simple message to Ards Borough Council.
Keep Exploris open - important tourist, educational and marine environmental resource for all the community of Strangford Lough.
That's the next matter that has to be conquered and delivered for club and community.
Congrats to @teconnaughtgfc in South Down on a successful Strictly competition; almost 800 attended; good community building event.
@SLocktight - post office network needs to be protected in public hands.
Went to Tesco sponsored NI Food Fair in Belfast today.  Wonderful show-case of all types of food and drink produced in NI - gd for economy.
Please register to vote if you have not already filled in your electoral form, and return to Electoral Office before the deadline next week.
Fuel retailers in Newry & Mourne should reply to Treasury regarding petrol prices as part of the govt decision to extend fuel rebate scheme.
@Connaire1- please contact NI Hotels Federation.
@CutTourismVAT - where is this taking place? What is the venue?
@Connaire1 @markmurnin - I  am happy to have a conversation with you about vat levels on tourism.
@Connaire1 @markmurnin I have already raised this issue in the House of Commons urging a lower rate for NI.
Where is the Children's Strategy - again OFM/DFM have taken too long to publish. Public need action from Executive to tackle child poverty.
Where is Dept of Educ's Long awaited Early Years Strategy - 5/6 year wait is far too long - what is the Executive doing at Stormont?
British govt must end practice of paying big bonuses to executives in company employed to decommission Sellafield which has poor safety stds
Heritage Day - make a worthwhile visit today to the cradle of Irish Christianity in Downpatrick and Saul - the hub of Patrician heritage.
Heard refs to Arcbishop Parolin on Radio. i met Parolin in April 2008 and in October he will become number 2 to the Pope - interest in Irl.
@ninews - Banks need to review the requirements of their rural custers rather than simply closing banks in small towns - not good enough.
@andrewdougal1 - absolutely true.  More debate on legislation today in the Commons.
SDLP MPs just voted against govt plans to prohibit campaigning role of charities in the year before an election.
In House of Commons resisting govt proposals to dilute the influence of charities in the year in the run up to an election.
Ballymurphy Families in Westminster seeking support for independent panel into the deaths of 10 civilians in August 1971.
Victory for people power in Strangford over the international fence issue!
At the Irish News GAA Ulster All Stars event in Armagh.  Excellent event; plenty of all stars in football, hurling and camogie.
Condemn those who left a pipe bomb in Kilkeel which inconvenienced residents. Thankfully nobody hurt, but people of SD hv rejected violence
Just voted against Lobbying Bill as did Mark Durkan - bad piece of legislation which will hamper the work of charities.
@polly_cann @DGreenOfficial - will you be going round the roads of Kilclief?
@DGreenOfficial -  you might be surprised!
XX,MRitchieMP,Margaret Ritchie MP,565,33,1
