@murrisonMP
On Rochester, I was struck by the number of voters who told me they'd vote UKIP on thurs but Tory in May. 2920 majority won't save Mark R.
So, Rochester sweet shop poll accurate. NB yellow LD sweets and the actual result - 349 votes. Yep, that's 349! http://t.co/sdMRMhI7fw
Spotting UKIP defectors on basis of which motion they're speaking to at Cambridge Union is to (?wilfully) misunderstand how debating works!
Useful meetings with Moderator of Presbyterian Church and Make it Work campaign at Stormont this afternoon.
Good to meet Archbishop Eamon Martin in Armagh this morning. Helpful to have his perspective on issues relating to the Stormont talks.
Good question well put by my colleague John Glen at PMQs just now around achievements in Salisbury & South Wilts since 2010.
Good news on women bishops. Well done CofE.
@HeathrowAirport Thank you for taking the time to respond to my tweet about T5 at c0900 today - impressed.
Horrendous queues at Heathrow - reinforces intense dislike of this airport. National embarrassment that needs fixing.
Thoughtful piece in Times re Robert Tombs' new book on England - 'more sceptred isle than UKIP bile.'
Looking forward to women being able to serve in Army close combat roles just like men if they want & physically capable. Why not?
Argentina seeks handouts from international community whilst buying fighter jets to threaten FIs costing UK megabucks. This has to stop.
Looking forward to debating #WW1 this evening at Exeter Uni.
Sunshine on a rainy day - erring banks fined big time & wages beating inflation.
Am supportive of merger agreed today of Dorset & Wilts fire services. Makes sense in protecting frontline delivery for my constituents.
Privilege to attend Armistice Day service at St Anne's Dublin with ministers @HHumphriesFG & Arlene Foster MLA & lay wreath at #Glasnevin
Viewed very impressive #WW1 exhibition at Emanuel School this PM. Great book, Emanuel School at War, accompanying it.
TV crews already mustering at Stonehenge, cameras pointing at the stones. Reckon they're anticipating PM's roads speech later today. A303?
Will we have good news from PM on A303 later today? I think we might.
Irish Ambassador laying wreath at Cenotaph for first time a very significant moment & in this centenary year so appropriate #LestWeForget
By my reckoning a record turnout too at Warminster war memorial this afternoon. #LestWeForget #Poppyappeal
Looked like a record turnout at Trowbridge war memorial today. #LestWeForget
Very poignant Royal British Legion #FestivalofRemembrance this evening in Albert Hall with HMQ. Great privilege to be there.
@AlbertHall Festival of Remembrance tonight after mtng with NZ #WW1 centenary oppo Maggie Barry. Trowbridge & Warminster services tomorrow.
Privileged to open Eileen Seal surgery room in village hall Maiden Bradley. Thanks to Eileen for hosting surgery in her house for 26 years.
Phot of Rochester's sweet shop this am - customers putting UKIP & Tories neck & neck; near empty jar is Lib Dems! http://t.co/zHGdwPqubK
Shoal of UKippers trying to recreate Ye Olde Merrie England in Rochester. Good grief.
Third trip today to Rochester supporting our really good local Tory candidate Kelly Tolhurst.
Sajid Javid right to insist mobile phone operators erase #notspots - poor & patchy coverage in Wiltshire.
http://t.co/JaebWe9dGy
On train to #RochesterAndStrood for @KellyTolhurst election campaign. Unlike yesterday with a nice drop of sunshine.
Norman Baker whinging he was cuckoo in the nest at Home Office grossly unfair to cuckoos.
Good to support our great candidate Kelly Tolhurst in #RochesterAndStrood today - back again tomorrow but hopefully there'll be less rain!
@GarrowsD I'm a medic - always preferred anatomy to botany!
Both great but poppy campaign Scottish poppy's more anatomically correct and durable than southern version!
In politics, try to understand what makes others tick - in his sneering dismissal of my party Salmond tells Marr why he lost
Day of positive talks with executive parties at Stormont House. Clear intent to make progress for the people of Northern Ireland
Angela Merkel's speech at Neuwpoort today pitch perfect. Reaffirmed German President's important #WW1 speech on 4 Aug in Liege.
Very moving #WW1 centenary commemorations today in Nieuwpoort & Ypres.
Agree MP #recall should be triggerable by voters not just MPs. Professional watchdogs like Drs' GMC have large non-Dr input - why not us?
Honoured to be representing UK Govt today at Belgian national #WW1 commemorations at Ypres and Neuwpoort
Supported Zac Goldsmith's amendment on MP Recall Bill this evening but it was defeated. Bill still good unamended and will make progress.
Responding for government to Ian Paisley's debate tonight on closure of JTI Gallagher tobacco factory in Antrim
This on #WW1 Centenary is very encouraging. Well done British Future for survey. http://t.co/Ztw7eDkoeN
Supporting PM 100% in his Mrs T style reaction to extra £1.7 million EU's after from UK - 'It is not going to happen.' Couldn't be clearer
Ha, ha, ha.., EU demand for more money from UK a joke, right?
Positive talks with political leaders at #Stormont today, more meetings  tomorrow,
On front bench wIth Minister Norman Baker who's responding to Belfast East MP on #Kincora. Right that Hart continues his work without delay
Good to take part in opposition day debate on military covenant in Northern Ireland this afternoon ably led by Jeffrey Donaldson MP & DUP
Warminster #WW1 project well represented @heritagelottery #UnderstandingWW1 event today in Commons by Heather Abernathy & Richard Broadhead
Great speeches by @DanJarvisMP & @thehistoryguy at @heritagelottery #UnderstandingWW1 event I sponsored  today in Commons
Good to see British Army's RAMC helping in #Ebola crisis. Tropical medicine experts well placed to assist.
Looking forward to speaking at BIPA - British Irish Parliamentary Assembly - later today
WHO declaration on #Ebola free Nigeria just brilliant news. Great that UK helping +++ in West Africa.
Labour NHS budget includes a new tobacco firm tax but will they stay to be taxed? Gallahers in Antrim says its off to Poland with 800 jobs
@gumblebirt my office says can they have your address? Pse send to packerj@parliament.uk
Brilliant autumn colours at NT Stourhead. Lots of people. Incredibly warm. Magic.
@s11jim That's because it's insurance based - ours isn't. You're confusing provision and provider.
@AAntnelson That's taking cynicism to a whole new level! Breathtaking.
@ScottMcInnes93 Well, he certainly should in respect of Labour's stewardship of devolved Welsh NHS - dire. See BMA's recent red warning.
@PeterPannier No, you've not offered any evidence to support your assertion, just political dogma.
@MarkSedd0n You would if the companies you malign got better health outcomes for you and yours and at lower cost
@notocoalition No, healthcare is to do the best for patients, not to propagate political ideology. I'm pragmatic, Mr Burnham sadly isn't
@LabourEoin You've got a shirt memory!
@roadender1 that's a silly thing to say
On a point of information for confused Andy Burnham, what actually matters for better outcomes is time to treatment, not just to diagnosis.
@gumblebirt I'll ask my office to arrange
Andy Burnham putting healthcare second to Labour dogma. But patients must have the best - NHS provider or 'private', as long as tax funded.
@kitto_13 No, I would class UKIP as far right. But heaven loves a sinner brought to repentance, so there's hope yet.
@IroniesToo Irony indeed - UKIP isn't exactly the Mary Poppins party now is it?
@FraserNelson difference is trajectory
Recrimination over Ebola management premature. Urgent for international community - yes, EU, U2 - to pull together
#BetterEbolaCzars
Far right charismatics - Le Pen, Farage, Wilders - profit when folk feel sore in a downturn. Response - good sense, decency, steady nerves.
Kippers calm down. SDP nudged 50% then fizzled fast...with their tanks parked on peopled centre ground, not arid sidelines.
Good to speak with supporters of my v good friends Jim Paice, Jonathan Djanogly & Andrew Lansley tonight in Cambridge. What nice people!
Good luck to old colleagues, defence medics & hospital ship Argus bound for W Africa. Forces give some of UK's most effective aid. #Ebola
@paulfranks yes, seen it, of course
Strongly supporting Bob Neill's EU Referendum Bill today. If you don't vote for this you're not listening.
Opposing the motion @cambridgeunion tonight on the glorification of war. #WW1
Talks at Stormont today to resolve outstanding issues between the parties. Patient people of NI expect their politicians to sort this now.
@slugdaddy unwise to treat the left-leaning press as a peer review journal
@DamonPBrown Yes, lapses of memory like this give politics a bad name
Blusterous speeches from Labour MPs on NHS 'privatisation' - same characters whose misrule spawned a thousand privatisation and PFIs!
Even poorer
On district line to Acton to see #WW1 'Ole Bill' Battle Bus 2737 @ltmuseum restored with help of #HLF - a Flanders veteran.
Highly topical question on Ebola and liaison with Northern Ireland from Nigel Dodds MP at PMQs and comprehensive reply from PM
C'mon Lib Dems, will you be backing English Votes for English Laws or have you 'U' turned on localism too?
Hate cigs but unmoved by nanny argument for banning smoking outside. Its v sad when grown ups poison themselves, but its their choice.
English votes for English laws - what's not to like? Labour not having non English MPs to pass English legislation apparently. #EVEL
If you go to bed with Mr Farage you'll wake up with Mr Miliband; you start with a beer and end up with a dull wine (anon).
On front bench for devolution debate. Good sense on both sides. We'll navigate this & the Union & home nations will emerge the stronger
Good meeting with Irish Ambassador. Delivered invite from HMG for Ireland to lay wreath at Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday for first time.
@getheridge Simple - there has to be Referendum Bill, Lab and Libs oppose so it wouldn't get passed.
@THEMARKSTER1956 Well, if you're right we should leave - that's what an in/out referendum means.
@getheridge Well, an In/Out referendum in 2017 but impossible if reliant on Lib Dem votes. OK?
@tomwilson23 Probably, but leaves no possibility of In-Min as an alternative to Brexit
@FloTom Nope, just want the people to decide. If you don't like that, tough.
@CameronBroome97 then there can't be a referendum
@THEMARKSTER1956 simple - Cameron negotiated new deal including on borders by 2017 or Brexit
@JontyNation OK, what do you suggest? NHS, school, police, armed forces .....
Oh, now Nigel Farage, realising the Tories want what he wants - a referendum - stamps his foot and says he wants one NOW. Ha, ha, ha.
@JontyNation But UKIP's tax cuts all seem to depend on binning aid and leaving the EU - do the maths and despair.
@THEMARKSTER1956 India or China? It doesn't actually come from Yorkshire.
Astute Adrian Wooldridge piece in Times. If UKIP is UK Tea Party, Tories must hold centre ground, not effect Republican right turn
With Boris on Europe - want to stay but on UK terms. David Cameron will secure them. But if EU refuses, has to be Brexit at referendum
New politics? Well, evasion, politician-speak & Westminster village puff +++ from UKIP's Douglas Carswell on Marr prog just now.
Yuk!
Attending Churches Together breakfast in civic centre Trowbridge to mark centenary of beginning of #WW1
I was so sorry to hear about Canon Christopher Brown. He was a good & godly man who could be relied on to deliver a darned good sermon.
@PinckneySusan wouldn't want it anywhere near mine
@crispibits Yes, you're right there
Well done Trowbridge Wanderers FC for getting £12,000 for new pitch railings and dug outs from @FootballFoundtn
Miliband draws all conclusions from poll yesterday save obvious; UKIP has snatched Lib Dem role as party of perpetual protest.
Thank you to British Heart Foundation in Fore Street Trowbridge for hosting visit today. A big well done to BHF's volunteers.
Public health expert Farage choice of sick migrants to blame & pillory recalls dangerous populist historical precedents. Shame on you.
Carswell's victory speech a window into the dark soul of his new party. If he knew UKIP's dirty little secrets why the hand-wringing now?
BBC2 #WW1 Long Shadow well done but David Reynolds over-extends himself justifying EU as a war-avoiding device. I think we've moved on.
Insightful meetings at Belfast International Airport, NI Chamber of Commerce and CBI in Belfast this afternoon
Mr Cable's bilious anti-Tory speech today was nasty, deeply insulting & plain wrong. Who's been happily piggy-backing my party for 4 years?
Useful meetings with Martin McGuinness and Arlene Foster at Stormont today.
But it's same old Lib Dems!
Unedifying for extremely rich Nick Clegg, upholstered by family wealth, to monster moderately well off who have worked hard and saved.
@sdomaingueFCO
Gaff prone Jeremy Brown MP on Sunday Politics just said his party has one foot in & out of government!!! Lib Dems having it both ways?
@SuffolkCoast15 Nope, I'm working for a Conservative majority government - no Lib Dems!
@Viridisbuild No - attracted by office, relevance and a (mis)calculated recasting of party of perpetual protest for electoral advantage
Ooo...apparently us Tories 'restrained' by Lib Dems - Clegg on Marr prog. Utter proverbials from a guy who's enjoyed the ride for 4 years.
Nope, no good, can't be doing with Peter Capaldi's Dr Who. Just watching for old time's sake now.
Updated by Amanda Burnside at Wiltshire College Trowbridge. Great new construction trades block & demand for places - good economic sign
@crispibits I've got work in Bratton due to to finish mid/late 2015 on my crib sheet
Good to meet FSB in Trowbridge just now. Broadband one of issues raised. Conveniently next meeting is on broadband rollout at County Hall.
@drydenpaul As a democrat I can't accept judges in Strasbourg over-riding Parliament in London.
@stephtouchpad when I was a defence minister - 3 countries in 3 days; I think you got your money's worth
Been to Freetown - very poor - can see how Ebola spreading so fast. Proud UK No 1 aid donor to Sierra Leone. Army helping too.
Love PM's line; 'go to bed with Nigel, wake up with Ed.' Project Fear? Nope, Project Truly Terrifying.
In Birmingham at party conference which is gearing up for PM's speech. Going big on health but our guy won't, eh, forget the economy!
Chancellor just spoke of 'connecting up the South West.' A303? Electrification? Exciting.
Grown-up, workmanlike speech from George Osborne in Birmingham - contrast this guy with incoherent, economically illiterate Ed Balls.
Proud of Britain's airmen contributing right now to international effort to deal with IS.
Excellent piece by Hugh Schofield on R4 just now on why French socialist model isn't to be emulated. Very un-BBC though - careful Hugh!
@IsabelHardman Fruit and nut bar probably more appropriate .....  or fudge?
@DaveSawyer74 Courage, to be fair, in this context is a word best reserved for the servicemen involved, not MPs however they voted.
@GarrowsD Multitasking
Supported the govt on action against IS. Not many voting No
UKIP conference beyond parody - too many public schoolboys, bar room bores & party hacks in politics? Farage stab at irony presumably.
In the Commons where PM is making powerful and compelling case for air strikes against IS targets in Iraq
@DaveSawyer74 can't default. Govt's bound by contract like anyone else
@DaveSawyer74 Agreed. We can thank the last govt for signing these deals which we're now bound in to.
To London for IS debate. I'll be supporting proposed intelligence led strategic targeting of violent Jihadists in Iraq.
@Misa_nthrope .....and his likely reliance on Scottish MPs to get English legislation through if he becomes PM
Ed saying no EVEL 'cos it'll give two tier MPs. Err...can I vote on Scots public services? No. Can Scots MPs vote on England's? You bet.
Voted against Blair's folly in 2003 then  called up. Dove? You bet, but Obama's right on IS - I'll be supporting UK action on Friday
@DaveSawyer74 you've a stronger stomach than mine if you're happy to do nothing
Under pressure Ed M now says his money sapling will 'make a difference' to NHS. But we'd understood it was to 'transform' it.
Ed Milliband's speech - terrible. If you can't remember your lines, use notes. Delegates literally falling asleep! #Lab14
Mansion tax hypothecated to NHS? Not enough mansions. Given NHS funding trajectory, Ed's scythe will soon be swinging at semis. #Lab14
Where's the barnstorming expected from a party on the brink of power? So far it's the lion that squeaked #Lab14
Is 'peace envoy' Tony Blair for real about boots on the ground in the Middle East? Boots included mine in 2003. Wrong then, wrong now.
@Viridisbuild Check out post 1997 electoral history!
@TristanCorkWDP But can't remember anybody in my constituency lobbying me for a SW Assembly; regional bodies generally disliked here.
@wishfullythinks I agree
English votes for English laws please. But beware Lib Dem stalling - irrelevant waffle about already rejected regional government
No question - leaders' vow to Scots must be kept 'cos they voted No in good faith. But parallel settlement needed too in each home nation
@paulfranks Need both; they're linked and, obviously, contingent on Parliament. Achievable unless Labour deploys delay tactics.
England's turn - English votes for English laws, no extra politicians and cost neutral. Labour, worried about skin, will foot-drag on this
@DaveSawyer74 Well that's not the view from planet earth. Nearlies, almosts, whys & wherefores are fine but the Union stands endorsed
Our fantastic Mayor #Boris will be a great Uxbridge MP too -  Belgium PM Di Rupo also Mayor of Mons. Mons perfectly happy with dual-hat.
Mmmm. Much loose talk on devolving powers wholesale to city states as if panacea. Feral ones in 1980s needed sorting. Short memories?
Number of letters from #Chitterne about traffic speed and behaviour again. Am contacting the council about it.
Good to see such progress on Old Town Hall in Warminster today. A running sore at the heart of the town has become a gem again
Out and about in constituency today overwhelmed by universal sense of relief at #indyref result.
Been at #CWGC site at Sutton Veny where lots of #ANZAC soldiers lie to learn about Commission's #WW1 work incl display boards & QR codes
Decisive generational NO. Proud to be British, proud of Scotland. But Salmond legacy is damage to UK internationally and rancour at home.
Unemployment way down since 2010; UK economy powering ahead of the field. Britain's back in business.
Employment figures just out are great! In my constituency 42% fewer on Jobseeker's than in 2010.
Brown v Salmond tonight; clunking fist and the snake oil salesman. Labour should have fielded Gordon much, much sooner. Knockout. #indyref
@andrewfolker here's hoping!
@alstewitn there's a cheery thought!
Good luck everyone - like my eldest - starting Uni. Well done all us parents for making it this far. Job done?
Scottish independence: 'Yes campaign every bit as dodgy as Iraq dossier' - via @Telegraph http://t.co/x6IXe4ATL9
@con_news Thank you. I would not have written this.
@con_news haven't seen it. Send me the link and I'll let you know
It was a pleasure to be at the licensing of Rev Jacques Desrosiers at St Denys Warminster tonight
Great #Mere Carnival this evening. Spectacular http://t.co/AEU0EYdcXc
@jockbhoy1888 ???!!!
Well done #NoThanks & #BetterTogether campaigners for putting up with shameful 'Yes' street aggression. Takes guts & conviction. #indyref
Great to say a few words at Mere 'Posh Picnic' for CRUK at Chetcombe House this evening.
@andrewfolker Brilliant! I'm told they're selling fast.
Saddened by the passing of Rev Ian Paisley. A towering figure in the history of Northern Ireland.
Don't have a Saltire or Cross of St George but do own a Union Flag and I've just raised it in support of the Union. #indyref
@andrewfolker Yep, the ceramic poppies are selling fast in aid of Service charities.
Discussed plans to mark #Gallipoli centenary at #WW1 advisory group meeting this afternoon. #ANZAC
@GlennMPhillips Bit harsh - now he's no longer doing the books he's at risk of becoming a national treasure.
Going to #toweroflondon for #WW1 Advisory Group meeting. Looking forward also to seeing how Poppies in the Moat are doing. #TowerPoppies
Have added my heartfelt signature to #LetsStayTogether letter to Scottish cousins http://t.co/BpSE42uDkx
With banks looking south, John Swinney MSP still won't say what currency independent Scotland would use. If it can't be £, what? #indyref
Good luck everyone at #InvictusGames
@tnewtondunn probably. Looks like this salmon(d) has leapt its leap.
Decent speech too on #indyref from Ed Milliband at Cumbernauld. 'Head, heart and soul' - good.
Genuine, authentic, heartfelt; David Cameron is speaking for those of us who feel passionately about the Union. #indyref
Evidently Stones' hell-raiser Keith Richards, father like me of 5 daughters, was a better disciplinarian than this straight-laced Tory MP!
@pollypeel ????!!!!!
More devolution's great but UK federalism will mean more government & a new tier of politician underwritten by the public.
Rubbish Chancellor, worse PM but cometh the hour, cometh the man. Has Better Together finally found its voice in Gordon Brown? #indyref
So, Nick 'I'm so, so sorry' Clegg now seeks absolution for tuition fees debacle with free bus pass bribe for 'yoof.'
Why's SNP blaming London for not talking currency union? If it wants union, it's got union; it's called the UK. Won't be another. #indyref
Sorry about Jim Dobbin who always seemed a nice man
@GlennMPhillips absolutely. Not exactly heir to John Pertwee I'm thinking
Good luck to everyone on Great North Run. I'm still in training. Maybe next year, or the next ....
Nope, tried but can't be doing with new Dr Who. Peter Capaldi should've stuck with Malcolm Tucker.
@AdrianShephard4 hope he enjoyed it
@smartin123 yes, I met him
Pleased to be at British Irish Association conference at Pembroke College Oxford
@LukeDCoffey Ha! Ha! Be my guest!
@LukeDCoffey ...,,,or a Russian doll!
@conisbrough100 thank you for sharing it with me
@uxbridgewalrus Thanks John. As we discussed this am I definitely will.
Important to be clear so-called Islamic State isn't a State - its a terrorist outfit without statehood's dignity or legal status.
PM correct not to rule out air strikes against Jihadist targets. Jack Straw right to say we shouldn't be paralysed by the past.
Bravo France for suspending delivery of Mistral aircraft carrier to Russia. Respect
Lib Dem 'values' up the creek - scrapping tax break for married couples shows failure to get importance of stable family unit for children.
Excellent news on government help to buy scheme in Wiltshire as reported by WT
Responding to MP David Lammy's debate in Commons this afternoon on 2009 Massereene barracks murder of soldiers in Northern Ireland
For once I agree with Nick Clegg - treatment of Ashya King's parents does look heavy handed. Nanny State's nannies getting nasty?
On so-called Boris Island, migrating birds are great but sense of proportion needed. People win my vote every time. #Heathrow
I'm with Boris on airports - a big, bold  solution that puts people first needed not a bolt on solution at Heathrow or Gatwick.
Nick Clegg talking gibberish on R4. His remarks on school meals are illogical and inaccurate.
@secret_ledger Ah, but you see there's nothing more ex than an ex-expert. Some of us have the humility to admit it.
Pint with Nigel? With #UKIP bar-talk congealing around 'bongo bongo land,' 'crumpet' & divine flooding for gay marriage, no thanks!
So what would Armchair Ashdown from the comfort of his Somerset sitting room do about the murderous jihadist threat? Aggh - another debate!
MPs limbering up to give Speaker hard time tomorrow over clerk fiasco. If clerk/chief exec role split over this it must be cost neutral.
Cathy Ashton was OK as EU foreign affairs supremo. Nice work if EU can get it but foreign affairs is a sovereign matter. Should post exist?
UKIP iffy claim it's wooing Labour MPs so not just anti Tory can't obscure it's only possible achievements- Ed as PM & no in/out referendum
UKIPer waffle can't disguise fact that every UKIP vote cast is actually for Labour and against in/out referendum.
@SCrabbMP Good point Stephen! Hope new French government takes note.
Useful meeting with Belfast Lord Mayor at City Hall. Good to meet Cllr Mallon again.
#Chilcot report - what's the hold up? My constituents will be wanting to know cause of delay when #Iraq Inquiry finally gets published.
Taking my girls to Harry Potter exhibition at Warner Bros Watford. Wizard!
Uxbridge's highly aspirational voters will resent UKIP's sneery 'more Oxbridge than Uxbridge' swipe at Boris and them.
DANIEL HANNAN: Why our 300-year-old union really matters http://t.co/FFaHjFJnGv via @MailOnline
So Mr Salmond's independence is based on Panama model; Scottish pound shadowing sterling & fingers crossed the oil keeps flowing #indyref
Very real prospect of #Brexit is a clear and present opportunity for Brussels, the undisputed sick man of Europe.
We can and do treat ad hoc with iffy regimes if expedient for greater good but formal alliance with Assad against IS isn't appropriate
Not All Fools' Day is it? EU busybodies should be sorting Eurozone problems not obsessing about vacuum cleaners. NFB; Normal For Brussels.
Treatment tax on alcohol? No thanks. Hypothecated taxation bad in principle with no end to potential lifestyle levies.
Welsh dragon at Langemark unveiled today a real triumph. Privilege to be involved in dignified & moving ceremony. #WW1 #walesremembers
Representing UK government today at dedication of Welsh memorial to #WW1 fallen at Langemark Belgium.
V sorry my good friend Mark Simmonds MP is standing down but for all the right reasons. He'll be a loss to constituents & FCO
@BatesLord Thanks Michael - honour & privilege to be involved.
Good luck minister Lord Michael Bates walking 1000 miles to Berlin along Western Front for charity http://t.co/16WqS7qdQD #walk4peace #WW1
@alstewitn Thanks Alastair. Have been reviewing the coverage which was nicely done.
It was a particular pleasure and privilege to accompany the Irish President and Mrs Higgins at the St Symphorien #WW1 event on Monday.
@MarkJamesAuthor Thanks Mark for sharing this with me which is very apposite.
Inspirational & deeply moving evening at the Tower to mark #WW1 with ceramic #TowerPoppies spilling into moat. See them, buy one.
Taking very hot tube to see 'Blood Swept Lands & Seas of Red' ceramic art as guest of Constable of Tower of London #WW1
Our settled order is an alarmingly fragile thing, says David Cameron's World War One adviser - via @Telegraph http://t.co/d22I2CvXme
@JEyal_RUSI @peterdominiczak Ha Ha.  Might I suggest 'biodegradable' instead of 'edible' since it's Lib Dems - or maybe that's changed too.
A fallen soufflé of shameless pork barrel LD hypocrisy, Clegg's offering on immigration is jaw-dropping, gob-smacking bare-faced cheek.
Unity and common purpose in marking first day of #WW1 centenary thoughtfully and respectfully.
Requiescat In Pace 1914-1918
Really incredibly moving #WW1 commemoration at #CWGC St Symphorien with Princes William & Harry, PM, Heads of State, servicemen & families
Turn out your lights tonight from 10pm to 11pm and leave on a single light or candle. #LightsOut for #WW1 Centenary. http://t.co/H20qwUpTuS
Our settled order is an alarmingly fragile thing, says David Cameron's World War One adviser - via @Telegraph http://t.co/d22I2CvXme
Patience with Tel Aviv now running out very fast indeed even from those of us who have considered ourselves friends of Israel.
If you could write to the unknown soldier, what would you say? http://t.co/x7ugf9vsqw #WW1 via @letter1418
Unveiling of #CWGC Cross of Sacrifice today at #Glasnevin cemetery Dublin as we approach centenary of #WW1 is hugely significant.
Good meeting with Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson at Stormont Castle
Proposed death tax of 10% on ALL estates is Same Old Labour. #taxbombshell
My hardworking constituents'll be backing David Cameron's immigration statement today100%. Exactly what they wanted to hear. Really good
Does Ed Miliband's bacon sarnie moment equal Neil Kinnock's '83 Brighton beach gymnastics & maladroit '87 air punching? Prescient?
Travelling to @BanburyMuseum to open #FeedingtheFront exhibition, supported by #HLF grant, & make a few remarks on #WW1 home front
Attracted by #ResPublica plan for banker's oath to be run by, say, #BBA. More ethics in banking - Fred the Shred's circle needn't apply
#HLF #WW1 grants have reached over 2/3 of UK constituencies - that's over 500 awards. Visited one in #Codford on Saturday. Brilliant.
@euromove/BBA call today for more UK Brussels bureaucrats for leverage misses the point - undue power of unelected EU officials. Sort that!
A week today UK marks centenary of entry to #WW1.
"The lamps are going out across Europe. We will not see them lit again in our lifetime."
Impressed by Wylye Valley History #WW1 project at Codford today. Stacks of authenticity & trench, Great map of valley during war. Must see
Looking forward to Wylye Valley History Group #WW1 Commemoration in Codford this morning.
Check this out for 4 aug lights out events near you; http://t.co/TwdqnwsB2t
Good to see members of UK's armed forces serving front of house at #Glasgow2014 as they did at London Olympics. They're Great.
V interesting tours of #crumlinroadgaol & @TitanicBelfast . Belfast v much a tourist destination these days with potential for more.
Great first visit to new office in Northern Ireland.
Proud of UK's approach to arms exports. Time for France to stop her sale of Mistral warships to Russia.
If the downing of #MH17 was an accident, it does not absolve Russian backed rebels or Putin or excuse the response. Shame heaped on shame.
Flip-flop LDs salivating over ?Lib-Lab govt in May. But the LD voter (sic) prefers Cam as PM to Clegg and never Ed. @LordAshcroft
Great visit today to @CWGC St Symphorien near Mons with @sajidjavid in advance of #WW1 first day event on 4 Aug.
#Putin response to #MH17 attack hardening resolve of civilised countries to aggression in Ukraine
Travelling to Mons to check on preparations for UK commemoration of start of #WW1 at @CWGC St Symphorien on 4 Aug with @sajidjavid
Excellent performance by Foreign Sec Philip Hammond on Marr prog this am. Sound on Europe. Spot on. Shows how adroit reshuffle was.
I get the heartfelt support for Falcolner's #AssistedDying Bill but State & its agents determining how & when we die is tiger territory
Still waiting for Putin's dismay re #MH17 & pledge to track down killers. #Kursk mentality; cynical indifference to human life. Shameful
Putin doctrine of the deniable; using irregular proxies to do his dirty work so he can say 'nothing to do with me,' looking iffy post #MH17
Agreed @AllanNws - Scots won't 'boo' folk from south of border at friendly Glasgow C'wealth Games. Daft idea hyped by media.
Putin will have revisit use of irregulars if his deniable friends act as they appear to have done with #MH17, we hope without instruction.
#AssistedDying debate shows Lords at its best. I'm firmly against complicity in ending life, always have been, sorry #Dignitas
#MH17; no stone should be left unturned in identifying the reptilian state or non state actors responsible and bringing them to justice.
Useful update meeting at #Nutricia across the road from my office. Advice surgery in Trowbridge shortly. Meanwhile, paperwork. Agghh....
Edington's Three Daggers Brewery bitter is Commons guest beer of the week. Enjoyed a pint with Chris Clark & Head Brewer Michael Andrews.
Time for LDs - much loved coalition partners - to shed flip-flops. Nick robustly supports stuff then does handbrake turn. Credible? Eh, no
Congratulations Imperial War Museum. New  £40 million #WW1 galleries being opened by Prince William today. Result! @IWM_Centenary
Tax bombshell. Harman/Miliband say 'people on either side' of £26K will pay more tax under Labour. Apparently they're middle income see.
Answered questions in House today on Nl less than 24 hrs after being reshuffled and post defence questions on Monday. Busy.
Very pleased to be at Northern Ireland & to retain role as PM's Special Rep for Commemoration of Centenary of First World War #WW1
Have arrived at exciting new job in NIO. Huge honour and privilege to serve as defence minister since 2012.
Really sorry to see Philip Hammond leave defence but he's an inspired choice as Foreign Sec. Michael Fallon's a great choice for MOD
So sorry Bernard Emie will be leaving London at end of his term as French Ambassador to the Court of St James's. A good friend of the UK.
Pleasure to be at Fete Nationale tonight to witness nine D-Day veterans receiving the Legion d'honneur from the French Ambassador.
Meilleurs voeux a nos amis francais le 14 Juillet. #Bastille day
Good news on the female bishop front. Way to go Synod!
Thank you. But the incumbent is doing a fantastic job as I pointed out during questions - and I mean it!
Able to meet newly appointed ministers in reshuffled Irish government this w/e in Dublin between commemorations.
Great pleasure to meet new Irish foreign affairs minister @CharlieFlanagan in Dublin today after national commemoration.
At Irish National Day of Commemoration in Dublin today. Good to see Chelsea Pensioners here yesterday - much admired.
Just visited recently built #CWGC Cross of Sacrifice at #Glasnevin Dublin. Beautifully done. Hugely significant in this centenary year #WW1
Back in Dublin this w/e at Irish National War Memorial Gardens Islandbridge, Kilmainham Hospital and Dublin Castle.
#WW1
Excellent news about Salisbury getting £485K #WW1 cathedral repair funding
@uxbridgewalrus Thanks John. Sincerely meant.
"The lamps are going out all over Europe; we shall not see them lit again in our lifetime." Sir Edward Grey Foreign Sec Aug 1914 #LightsOut
#LightsOut - be part of it on 4 Aug: http://t.co/cppcX47fL9
#1418NOW
Really sorry John Randall's standing down. @uxbridgewalrus is a genuinely nice bloke.
Centenary Poppy Campaign - The Royal British Legion. http://t.co/3gckY6OUKU
Am writing my letter to an unknown soldier @letter1418
If you could write to the unknown soldier, what would you say? http://t.co/ewzh6Xdknm #WW1 via @letter1418
7-0; #GER in 7th heaven. #BrazilvsGermany - thank you and goodnight.
Prematurely angry 'supporters' in #BrazilvsGermany in #WorldCup2014. 5-0 at half time though? Comiseracao.
Watched Tour de France from office window. Brilliant!
Mornin'
Will clear email in hoc till 1100 then come to office. OK?
A
Great pleasure to attend annual #Fovant Badges Society drumhead service.
Now going to Tescos #Trowbridge to support National Food Collection and #Trussell Trust #everycanhelps
At civic centre with #Warminster Civic Trust. People bringing artefacts unearthed locally for expert opinion. Some fascinating things.
Useful update meeting this am with #Warminster Councillors Magee, Fryer, Jolly and Ridout.
@__ProjectMonkey happy to reply if you email me murrisona@parliament.uk with your postal address in the south west wilts constituency
My last on HMS Queen Elizabeth honest. Just to say to old miseries who moan UK doesn't make things anymore - think again!
Very moving naming ceremony for HMS Queen Elizabeth in Rosyth with HMQ. Great for Navy, Scotland  and UK
Very smart guard of honour formed up by HMS Queen Elizabeth waiting for Queen's arrival here in Rosyth
At Rosyth dockyard looking up in awe at HMS Queen Elizabeth - huge - waiting for the Queen to name her ship. Brilliant!
Weather here in Edinburgh overcast but dry. Fingers crossed for QE naming ceremony at 11am. Rain or shine its a great day for RN and UK
Travelling to Rosyth for HMS Queen Elizabeth naming ceremony. Great day for Scotland and the UK.
Can't wait for HMS Queen Elizabeth naming ceremony at Rosyth tomorrow. It'll be great. She's the biggest ship ever made for the RN.
Mr Prodi says UK being stroppy is reducing its clout at EU. So, roll over Britain for tummy tickling at table of ever closer union? No way!
MPs right to highlight costs of chronic disease. Prevention's better than cure. SMOKING still Captain of the Men of Death. Sort it.
Junckered! PM's principled Thatcheresque pursuit of UK interests at EU gets thumbs up from public in recent polls. Tories storm ahead.
Been launching MOD's Global Strategic Trends at #IISS. Read it and see what the future holds out to 2045.
Jean-Claude Juncker, Euro zealot & ideologue, rightly opposed in UK. Best hope now is his hallmark chaos'll arrest 'ever closer union.'
Through settling dust it's clear PM secured moral victory opposing Jean-Claude Juncker. En avant!
Back from security conference in Batumi Georgia and meetings with other defence ministers.
Celebration of our fantastic troops on UK Armed Forces Day mixed with solemn remembrance of the events at Sarajevo 100 years ago today.
I'll be leading today in debate @HouseofCommons in @UKParliament on #WW1 centenary.
Pleasure to attend a reception this evening to mark Azerbaijan's Armed Forces Day. A year ago I met President Aliyev in Baku
#Azerbaijan
Unconvincing producer interest whinge by BMA GP leader on R4 this am. Last govt's GP contract meant more money & less work. Happy days.
@discovery77_ email me; murrisona@parliament.uk including your  address in the SW Wilts constituency and I'll gladly write.
Great to see Matravers students talking about #CVQO experience in Commons today.
Britain set for Brexit if Jean-Claude 'Ever Closer Union' #Juncker becomes EU Commission President
Great to give keynote at Norfolk's War @TheForumNorwich hosted by Keith Simpson MP. Useful presentations about #WW1 centenary.
Good meetings with Premier of Nova Scotia and Peruvian defence minister today; looking forward to seeing Georgian defence minister later.
ISIS threatens us - Saddam didn't. Tony Blair saying nothing worth hearing. Govt's diplomacy - embassy reopening's great - right track
Blair wrong about Iraq in 2003 and wrong now about what's caused current crisis in Iraq and what's to be done. Wrong, wrong, wrong.
Been at Trooping the Colour. Magnificent. Rain held off - just.
Just back from Chile after very warm & productive meetings with defence ministers, officials and senior military and naval officers
Jean-Claude Juncker for EU Pres? Oh, that's funny. Eh, joke, right?
Cameron leading charge against 'ever closer union' candidate. En avant!
A day to salute and give thanks for our Normandy veterans.
delivered keynote at 17th chemical weapons demilitarisation conference in London. Syria very much in mind.
@crispibits No, the individuals themselves of course. Crikey, my friend, you are cynical - been reading too many tabloids I'm thinking.
Despite losing their deposit Lib Dems are this morning celebrating beating Nick the Flying Brick (Loony) into 7th place at Newark. Result!
Delighted to hear our excellent Police & Crime Commissioner Angus Macpherson is improving in hospital.
Met lots of nice people in Newark, Bingham & South Muskham during campaign. Looking for a great result for Robert #Jenrick today!
Barnstorming speech by Penny #Maudaunt on Queen's Speech in Commons. Really strong on Portsmouth and the Royal Navy
Queen read Speech beautifully as always at State Opening this am. Good prog for year ahead. Waiting for start of debate now in Commons.
Mindfulness is mainstreaming. Not rocket science; definitely not 'weird.' Worth a look.
#mindfulness
No to #Juncker, no to ever closer union. This gent is not an acceptable Euro Commission President - his vision's edging UK out of EU.
Bicycling monarchies throw in the towel but HMQ keeps going - an inspiration.
Is Putin style sponsorship of irregulars, paramilitaries and the supposedly aggrieved the new face of state on state conflict?
Women on the front line? Working out what combat will likely look like in the future helps to say yes. Looking forward to review conclusion
Argentina back in recession. Her leaders might just try focussing on the economy rather than harassing those of us who should be friends.
@stephtouchpad went at 0830 and written to council about obviously inadequate access
Been to Folly Lane Warminster with Cllrs Ridout & Fraser to discuss with residents inadequate intended access to proposed development site.
So, Mr Blair's now saying it isn't him holding up #Chilcot report on #Iraq war. Let's be having it then. Pronto.
Sensible letter on #PTSD by Profs Dandeker, Greenberg & Wessely in Telegraph today.
Miliband's bacon butty stunt - vintage Kinnock-esque foot shooting. 
Not knowing Swindon Lab Leader's name on BBC Wilts radio - shutdown.
Complex, highly specialised healthcare like vascular surgery concentrated in big regional centres best for patient outcomes
Getting very wet canvassing in Newark.
Attending West Tisbury Annual Parish Meeting this evening.
Great pleasure to host National Defence College of India in London today.
Sickened by UKIP's use of Great War dead in election leaflet. Some things are sacred; war graves in this centenary year definitely.
Hardly @chezally but @Davytmsp 'l'etat c'est moi' suggestion that attack on FM is an attack on Scotland has left me speechless!
Clearly, the greatness of Gandhi, Churchill etc doesn't mandate family members to rule. Ditto, surely, Kennedy, Bush ... and Clinton.
@supernick71 Thanks Nick. Have you seen the Joint Strategic Assessment data for homelessness in Warminster? Available on www.
@jsteve372 fair enough
@jsteve372 What you've just said is scary. FM's a politician not the embodiment of the State, least of all Louis XIV; 'L'etat, c'est moi'
Very good Warminster Civic Trust meeting this evening chaired admirably as always by Richard Haes
Congrats to India's BJP & Mr Modi. The world's biggest democracy has a new broom.
@chezally See earlier tweet about Mr Salmond's approach. Appears it's more generally applicable on the 'Yes' side. Pity.
For centuries Scotland has put the GREAT into Great Britain. Long may it continue. 
#indyref
Why's Mr Salmond being so downright nasty? Calm, decent, informed debate please 'cos we'll be sharing this small island whatever happens
Been to view Stockdale Cope's brilliant Naval Officers of #WW1 at National Portrait Gallery. Magnificently restored for centenary. Must see
A PM passionate about the Union is in Scotland today saying why we're better together. Mr Salmond responds with trademark acidity.
@LukeDCoffey Indeed!
Been for brisk run round St James Park - looking great in a brilliant spring - heart of Europe's loveliest city.
Parliament prorogued with much Norman French & doffing of caps
@mariuszkaminski thank you for attending. It was a pleasure to meet you and our discussion was most helpful.
In Latvia for meetings with defence minister and senior political and military figures
Warm & v positive meeting with my defence minister opposite number Robert Kupiecki in Warsaw this afternoon; further meetings this evening
Privileged to meet Polish Monte Cassino veterans at British Embassy in Warsaw just now and to lay wreath at 70th anniversary ceremony.
Just done defence questions, now going to Poland and Latvia for meetings.
Check out Lives of First World War mass digital archive project: http://t.co/EVlDGoBpeh . I'm digitally archiving my grandpa! #WW1
Sad Lib Dems smoke-screening their badly thought through school meals policy by attacking radical free schools plan which THEY endorsed
@ArkDisaster sharing the pound means we are liable for each other's overdraft underwritten by Bank of England which sets interest rates
Scots Nats want independence but not  from the £. How many divorced couples do you know with a joint bank account and credit card? #indyref
Presented Warminster Hospital Cup. Really well done Mr & Mrs Bowden, Mr Ball, Mr Kervell & Mr Kent for getting charity series going again!
@BenDunnell Thank you, appreciate it.
Met with Mr Paul Richards, brother of Hayley who was killed by Hugo Quintas with her unborn child. Better deal for victims of crime needed
@SJPSalisbury that's really good of you. Thank you
@SJPSalisbury @diosalisbury TY. I'd be delighted to talk with him if he has a few mins.
This father of five daughters stands with Nigeria's parents desperately wanting their girls back - safely and in school.
About to start busy advice surgery in Warminster.
Seeking meetings to better understand needs of gypsies and travellers locally.
Constituents writing about planning that allows gypsies and travellers to have homes where others can't. Doesn't seem fair.
Absolutely opposed to Thoulstone wind #turbine. Supporting minimum distance from homes planning stipulation in Wiltshire Core Strategy.
Meetings today in Trowbridge to discuss traveller sites and wind turbines then advice surgery in Warminster
Good BBC news piece on great UK export - hovercraft from Southampton's Griffon Hoverworks - helping Colombia tackle narco-terrorism
I support capable women who want to serve in close combat roles as has been the case in partner militaries for years
Defence Secretary has just announced a review of women on front line. Brilliant. Gunners have already stolen a march on the infantry!
George Osborne's interest in #Waterloo farm where tide of C19 history was turned by British valour is great. 
http://t.co/gPtcgRXRyq
Good meeting with Fiona Hyslop, Culture Minister at Scottish Govt, about Centenary of #WW1
Ed&Ed's 'witty' class war election clip; toe-curlingly crass, policy free, cringey for Labour members. OK, the cat chasing Nick Clegg's fun
Outgoing chairman always part of #BBC problem, not solution. Fresh thinking outsider needed for a right good shake up.
Just been to brilliant launch of #WW1 battlefields tours programme for schools at Guards Museum being run by IOE
Voted against #Iraq war, served there in 2003 and, actually, would like to see #Chilcot report published in my lifetime.
Mr Farage? Red Ed's 'useful idiot' surely. Vote #UKIP, get Labour - old Labour micro management of all that moves and much that doesn't
Unfair to dismiss UKIP as racist, homophobic etc but I speak as I find & I've generally found its activist have pretty extreme views
#UKIP
Closure of #Scope homes being raised with me by relatives of profoundly disabled people. Am writing to charity's chief exec.
It's a Brit's constitutional right to go paddling on a bank holiday weekend. But still too cold for a swim! #Poole http://t.co/jZuM92BPb1
Been to Nutricia in Trowbridge again today to be briefed on one of biggest businesses in my constituency
Excellent speech by Japanese PM Shinzo Abe at Guildhall tonight. I now understand Abeconomics!
#Japan
Evening event at the Guildhall in honour of Mr Shinzo Abe Japanese PM
Has our US loathing left no shame? Apparently subjugation of #Ukraine isn't Putin's fault but the fruits of US expansionism. Oh, pleeeease.
Politicians who pronounce Lieutenant Lootenant need to spend more time with our military & less watching American war movies.
Agree with Greg on Paxo, great man though he is. Looks like another self indulgent #BBC luvvies story. Not what license fee is for.
@troggiecymru I don't yet know where I'll be but I anticipate the Westminster abbey vigil being replicated across the country.
Great news about comprehensive Royal attendance at #WW1 centenary events on 4 August.
The cloud under which Patrick Mercer's Commons career has ended should not obscure his distinguished and decorated military service.
Billy Connolly's right. Where's the sense in creating a physical & psychological border across a small island? #indyref
Meeting with council officers in London to discuss upgrading #A303.
High speed rail on track after tonight's Commons vote. Absolutely right for whole country. #HS2
Iain Martin (FT) uses old Scots word #thrawn - perversely acting against own interests - for Yes campaign. So is UKIP thrawn too? #indyref
@stevetav pse call my office 01225 358584
Great Centenary Poppy sowing today in garden of No.10 with PM, B&Q, Royal British Legion, lottery fund and lots of children.  #WW1
Speaking to lots of Aussies and Kiwis at Gallipoli this week, clear that brilliant Royal visit reaffirms our family ties
@pluggesplateau good point!
Very, very moving Australian and New Zealand services at Gallipoli this morning. Rain held off, now tipping it down. #ANZAC #Gallipoli
At #ANZAC dawn service in Gallipoli.
This am at Mehmetcik monument, French cemetery & Commonwealth monument. Now to Turkish 57th Infantry memorial. Tomorrow ANZAC. #Gallipoli
Happy St George's Day! Travelling to Turkey pondering England's patron saint .....who was Turkish.
Going to Gallipoli for commemorations and to work on next year's centenary
@crispibits the crimson field? Yes, opinion unchanged.
#UKIP not held to account like grown up parties so gets away with risible, screechy simplification, wobbly budgets & iffy behaviour
Happy Birthday HM the Q. At 88 she sets the standard in selflessness, duty & hard graft. Long may she reign!
The peace & quiet of Easter vs the commercial hype and unfulfilled expectation of a standard stressy Christmas. No contest. Happy Easter
Just finished EU defence ministers meeting in Luxembourg. Russia definitely out in the cold again. Why's Putin doing this to his country?
In Luxembourg for EU Foreign Affairs Council (Defence) with full agenda including Ukraine
@ProfGSheffield @johndavidblake Agree, not the BBC's finest but centenary offering generally very good in my view
@MitchellRAF lacks the whiff of authenticity and worried about some of the acting
Watching BBC Crimson Field apparently based on #WW1 field hospital. Mmmm .... time for a cuppa.
Russian claim of threat to supposed ethnic compatriots who are not its citizens as excuse to attack neighbour is as tired as it is perilous
At NT's Stourhead today with daughters. Rhodies just coming out. Nicely done story on owner's son Capt Harry Hoare killed 1917 #WW1
Salmond speech bluster rich, content free  thin on substance and still no answers. Path to independence evidently is paved with waffle.
@karl4labour or run with the fox and hunt with the hounds in ultra marginal Taunton constituency
We're pointless say Lib Dems. Must read this;
http://t.co/UISYRYORMk
Closing in on rural crime. Out last night with Wilts Police and farmers spotting dodgy activity. Thieve or lamp here & you'll be nicked.
@WiltsPolFedJBB surprised by that. Innocent is innocent in English law. He, of course, resigned as deputy speaker and MPs need re-election
Delighted Nigel Evans has been acquitted on all counts. Sadly high profile figures often attract wrongful accusations
Sajid Javid's promotion to Culture Secretary is great news. His many attributes include good South West credentials - Bristol and Exeter
President Higgins right to cite #WW1 centenary & Tom Kettle, Irish patriot & British soldier, in elegant speech drawing UK & Ireland closer
President Higgins' state visit is very warmly welcome. The Unknown Warrior to who he paid respects may of course  be Irish.
George Robertson right on geopolitical ramifications of Scottish independence. He's a wise man & SNP wrong to rubbish his remarks. #indyref
@Bolg_i_am its a think thank for goodness sake.
@Bolg_i_am what?
@slugdaddy Not always. Do you recall the cause and consequence of the well attended debate? I do!
@__ProjectMonkey it's a matter for her and the PM, not for me
At NT #Stourhead estate for English Tourism Week. Supreme gardens & #WW1 'Harry's Story' on owner's son Henry Hoare, killed in 1917.
Passionate, utterly convincing delivery by Alistair Darling MP of #BetterTogether in support of the Union on Marr show just now #indyref
Great speech by PM at spring forum - particularly strong on prosperity agenda, tax cuts and support for the Union #indyref
@wenchintrench scatter the (very small) seeds on freshly turned earth and lightly rake in
Been sowing poppies for #WW1 100th at Trowbridge station as part of B&Q/British Legion campaign supported by station & lots of volunteers.
Dangerous & aggressive ship handling by Spain bullying #Gibraltar will end up with someone being hurt. Madrid, please cool it.
Good to meet regulars and reserves, local businessmen and veterans at RAF Lossiemouth and 7 Scots today
On train from Glasgow to Inverness through some of the most glorious country in Britain
In Scotland for Exercise Joint Warrior involving more than 35 warships from UK and allies & visits to RAF & Army in Moray
SNP clutching at 'important' alleged comments of apparently junior minister who wouldn't leave his name. Separate state, separate currency
Really enjoying my colleague Rory Stewart's BBC2 prog Border Country on Britain's 'Middleland.'The Romans have a lot to answer for!
Independence means, eh, independence. So no currency union. BoE Governor made clear sharing £ wouldn't work. End of. #indyref
Brilliant, moving unveiling today aboard #WW1 corvette of 26 #WW1ART projects for 2014 by lottery funded, DCMS and IWM assisted @1418NOW
Last night's UKIP/LD side-show clears the way for proper Cam/Ed TV debate between the two No. 10 aspirants closer to the election.
Clegg-Farage clash of the spoilers was an amusing diversion but the stark choice is PM Cameron or (aggh!) PM Miliband
Off canvassing in the rain in Brentford & Isleworth supporting my friend Mary Macleod MP today
On bench duty in budget debate. It's nearly 9pm but there's still lots of passion.  Pleased pensioners given control over THEIR cash
I want Britain's troops back in Britain ASAP but capable of deploying rapidly wherever as required
Labour MPs carp about people wasting their pension pots after 13 years squandering other people's hard earned cash. Disgraceful.
Incinerating foetuses isn't right. Just read health minister Dr Dan Poulter's letter to MPs saying he's told hospitals to be more sensitive
@Toriesatplay Ouch,but careful; you've just told everyone that the pasta tweeted was on them. Remember, gastro-tweets may cause indigestion!
@GlennMPhillips Fortunately unlikely!
@Toriesatplay Meaning what?
Been reviewing Miliband's achingly pitiful response to budget. Is it really possible Ed just might fetch up in No 10? Agghh!
@ProfGSheffield Very good!
Are Tweets replacing Treaties? Do global social & commercial networks now keep the peace 100 years after the start of WW1?
#WW1
Chancellor making great #budget statement. Pleased about continuing commitment of LIBOR funding to Armed Forces charities
Just led for government in debate on defence in an independent Scotland 6 months exactly from referendum day. No SNP MPs turned up #indyref
@shazzar1104 hi Sharon. Yes - hope alls well with u 2
Just been chairing meeting of Commonwealth High Commissioners in Commons to discuss #WW1 Centenary
@mrgarethm I suspect that would be up to the soldiers themselves
In SNP's exit blueprint Scottish based & badged fighting forces become a muscular camping operation
#indyref
#UKIP; a coalescence of cross people bawling lounge bar sound bites whilst peddling quack cures for complex, multidimensional issues
Good news about #Ebbsfleet. Great location with tremendous connectivity by road &, crucially, rail. Eurostar at Ebbsfleet is just brilliant
Of course generals have always said they've not enough resources for too many 'threats.' Drs & teachers too. Now, where's that money tree?
@neil_mp Hi Neil. Don't understand this.
Been meeting with the Local Enterprise Partnership with other MPs and Wiltshire Councillors in Melksham. About to see Splitz re C4 contract
So sorry to hear about Tony Benn. Disagreed politically but he was unfailingly charming, as are his sons, and always very nice to me.
Just been to a brilliant exhibition of contemporary photos of #Gallipoli 1915 at Turkish Cultural Centre. #WW1
Been briefing King & Queen of the Belgians on UK's #WW1 Centenary preparations
Ian Hislop speaking at #WW1andSchools conference based on his excellent TV programme Wipers Times. Michael Morpurgo next up
Just spoken at #WW1 conference at central hall Westminster. Now listening to Jeremy Paxman's v good speech based on his book #ww1schools
Looking forward to speaking at conference of 900+ teachers tomorrow in central London on #WW1.
Just been answering questions for the government in committee on the European Council's December Conclusions on #EU defence and security
@Bolg_i_am key in Hansard for yesterday and you're in. You asked for yes/no, so the answers no.
@supernick71 what will you be campaigning to save?
@StellaYates1 But It won't damage local healthcare
@Bolg_i_am I think that's excessive. 38 degrees has wrongly alarmed lots of people. Read the debate in Hansard and be reassured
Met Len Turner from Wessex Chambers of Commerce at Action for Market Towns event in Commons
Crimean vote's a referendum Jim but not as we know it. Scottish independence ballot - now that's a referendum. Do it right! #Ukraine
Digging nettle roots like bell ropes from unpromising veggie patch.
Do troops want 'protecting' from verbal abuse as Labour says? 3 years ago in uniform I was called 'baby murderer' by a passing idiot.
BBC2's 37 Days was surely as fair a reflection of the prelude to war as possible. Moltke would probably disagree, but there it is.
#WW1
Well done Wiltshire Council for refusing planning permission for land off Bath Road & Church Street Warminster
V pleased to visit SA Capabilities Ltd at Heywood House Westbury to learn about this dynamic young business
Great visit to #Larkhill to be briefed on £800 million relocation of Army from Germany, mainly to Wiltshire where it'll be warmly welcomed
Congrats to Jerry Wickham on being elected Conservative Councillor for Wiltshire's Ethandune division.
Liked first episode of BBC2's 37 Days which has whiff of authenticity. #WW1
@roadender1 I'm its Patron
At Larkhill tomorrow to talk Salisbury Plain Masterplan detailing Army uplift in Wiltshire and currently up for consultation.
Left run in the park too late today - full of car fumes
Agggh! Its the dreaded Ambridge play. Am I alone in loving R4 but loathing The Archers and Gardeners' Question Time?
#R4
Admiring #IWM's truly magnificent book The Great War, a record of #WW1 in photos. Check out the dogs of war on page 41!
@andrewfolker definitely reaping!
Listening to R4 on Scottish referendum. Separatists croon nothing'll change. Brutal truth is independence means, eh, independence #indyref
Yum, yum. Penne pasta in my flat with mushrooms, red onions, tomato puree and virgin olive. Loving live longer Mediterranean diet!
Georgia 2008, Crimea 2014, what next? Cool heads needed but Putin's reaping of ex Soviet republics must stop
#Georgia #Crimea
Russia's Crimean bear hug looks increasingly like its 2008 annexation of South Ossetia.
#Crimea #Ossetia
@SammyStevenson3 No, but heard rave  reviews!
Good to meet lots of people on doorstep in #Edington today
Liked BBC2 Pity of War but Ferguson wrong to characterise #WW1 as 'civil war.' Whatever it was, it wasn't that.
With MEP candidate Mellissa Maynard been talking about Europe at a discussion evening in Grove Building #Mere
Constituency Friday today with advice surgery in Trowbridge later on
Reading Richard Lebow's elegant counterfactual, 'Archduke Franz Ferdinand Lives!' What if the bullet that sparked #WW1 missed?
Oops! SNP minister admits 'major changes' in east coast defence jobs if 'yes' vote. Also blurs SNP defence budget. @dunfermlinep #indyref
Standard Life, signature Edinburgh financial house, planning exit strategy if Referendum votes for Break up Britain is chilling. #indyref
Going to hear Angela Merkel address both Houses this morning.
Well done @Ashleyfoxmep for leading attack on appalling waste caused by shifting #EU parliament to #Strasbourg every month.
Running in sunny St James' Park first thing with sea of golden daffodils. Has spring sprung?
Been to reception at Tower of London for Haig Housing Trust's #ComingHome candle charity for injured ex-Servicemen. @ComingHomeOrg
Pleased to speak tonight at event in Commons for the brilliant Folkestone Step Short Project commemorating centenary of #WW1
Just back from National Portrait Gallery viewing of The Great War in Portraits. Well worth a visit. #WW1
On the bench for William Hague's masterful appraisal of situation in Ukraine, Syria and Iran
Commiserations to Trowbridge Royal Marine John Jackson and GB bobsleigh team. Good effort. #Sochi
Flurry of excitement as 'UK Speaker resigns.' Eh, no. UKraine Speaker resigns. Always pays to check!
@WW1_Education Brilliant. Looking forward to it.
Check out Institute of Education's useful #WW1 related website; http://t.co/9TgQcEGjuZ
Reading research 'remembering the world as well as the war' by #britishcouncil on #ww1 attitudes across 7 countries. Lots of surprises
Lots of praise being given to UK led & headquartered Horn of Africa counter piracy Op Atalanta at #EU defence ministers' meeting in Athens
Told EU defence ministers in Athens that UK will be lead nation for European Battlegroup in 2016.
On plane for Athens for EU defence ministers' meeting. #EU's place is at soft end of defence & security spectrum. #NATO has primacy.
@rattlecans According to the EU, yes.
Latest figures show unemployment in SW Wiltshire constituency falling overall and for 18-24s and over 50s plus long term unemployment down
Watching Paxo's decent handling of kinetic phase of Great War from Amiens to Armistice on BBC1. Good on myths & closing lines spot on #WW1
Pleased Wiltshire Council has brokered a minibus service between North Bradley Nd Trowbridge to partially replace withdrawn First service
From some deeply traumatised poultry to all dog owners - if you can't control your murderous animal, muzzle it or keep it on the lead. TY
Been having lunch in glorious #Somerset celebrating brother's birthday
Barroso says independent Scotland can't join EU, Carney (Canadian) says it can't keep £. Salmond screams Westminster establishment. Huh?
If number, scope & quality of #WW1 projects in my area a clue, centenary commemoration will be far bigger than many initially thought
Been to Tollard Royal & Dilton Marsh this morning - lots of water.
Been to Wiltshire fire service HQ to discuss flooding and possible merger of service with Dorset
Going to MOD Lyneham to turn first sod in building of new tri-service defence technical training college
Being interviewed by BBC Wiltshire on the year past and thoughts for 2014
Off to publication of Lord Ashcroft's Veterans' Transition Review. Looks good.
Voted to allow government to introduce cigarette plain packaging if evidence supports. Seen too many #tobacco  casualties over the years
Voting on a free vote against smoking in cars with children in. Concern for child health overcoming small 'l' liberal instincts
Sickened by Chris #Huhne dripping unipolar apologia for country's history in Guardian today.
Very, very sorry to hear of Mark Harper's resignation. Typically honourable & decent of him to act quickly & selflessly in this way
Great speech by PM on Scotland & the Union - passion without hubris. Very British
#EU spending £65K of public money on a newspaper propaganda piece on how great it is vindicates those of us who say it isn't. QED in fact
#Gove's scale of ambition for state schools is breathtaking and if realised will do what the left can't - render private schools redundant
On #flooding, dredging not panacea but Lord Chris Smith, ex Labour MP now i/c Environment Agency, penchant for benign neglect is unhelpful
Defence Questions in Commons today with lots on upcoming #Centenary of First World War
Is £10K of public money for an oil painting of Nick #Clegg appropriate? Eh, no. If you seek his memorial there are plenty of cartoons.
Been meeting #NFU & farmers in my constituency to discuss rural issues
Read Mark Carney's speech on economics of currency union. 
Its clear, Scotland can't keep £ AND have meaningful #independence
Great visit to #Glasgow and Strathclyde University OTC. Brilliant.
In #Glasgow today as Bank of England Governor warns SNP's assumptions on independent Scotland keeping £ are wide of mark.
Speaking at Armed Forces Parliamentary Trust event at Honourable Artillery Company
Meeting young constituents from West Wiltshire schools visiting  House of Commons today.
@andrewfolker Thanks Andrew. My admiration for what's been achieved is heartfelt. Hope people will visit St Lawrence for a look
Took this phot of #Warminster war memorial looking good after town council's refurb in time for WWI Centenary http://t.co/MGSrXRplZH
Just been to dedication service for new screen and window at St Lawrence Chapel #Warminster. A triumph of workmanship. Beautiful.
Great news about falling crime figures but no room for complacency - #rural crime's a real worry locally. Seeing police soon to discuss.
Visiting Irish Navy today and speaking at University College Cork on Great War #Centenary
Imperial War Museum's 'Lives of the First World War' cited on The Archers this evening.
#IWM
Back from UK-Colombia defence talks hosted by HMS Richmond in Cartagena.
#Colombia
XX,murrisonMP,andrew murrison,604,44,3
