@nickhurdrnp
Crazy weather in Hillingdon yesterday. Constituents affected by floods and who need help please get in touch
Touched by all the messages of support received overnight. Please stay tuned to @nickhurdmp - I will be closing @nickhurdrnp shortly.
Productive meeting with A2 Dominion and very frustrated residents of Pembroke Park. Undertakings made /feet to be held to fire
Good to see room full of supporters for #redballoon in speakers house.  Impressive harrow charity supporting bullied children
Great kick off today for #ickenhamfestival 2014 at United Reform Church. Pleasure also to meet new Borough Commander.
Congrats to organisers of Harefield village fete and the Eastcote House picnic. Happy events in the sun.
To hear the crowds cheer as she left the cathedral with Nimrod swelling around us was very moving. Everything was just right
Glad to have been in St Pauls today  and represent many constituents who share my deep admiration for her.
Thx to Grace Granville; @matthewparris3 and #R4today for nudges on organ donation this http://t.co/O7yc2w1AH3. 2 mins max to register
Pleased to pop into Harrow Association of Disabled People.  Supporting 8,000 people a year.
Thx to everyone who came to discuss what a future Harrow CVS might focus on to support local voluntary sector.
Each ward to have a PC and a PCSO supported by a Sergeant. Working more sensible hours. Plans to be able to move coppers North in a hurry
Good meeting with Borough Commander. Crime down in Hillingdon. Conviction rates ok.  Sensible local policing plan.
Meetings with my Youth Council always leave me v upbeat about future. Fab group with great ideas for helping young and old people in area.
Good meeting yesterday with Ray Puddifoot and Nick Boles to discuss Planning reform. Very controversial in Hillingdon. Frank exchange.
Over 700 constituents responded already. Pretty even split as per country. Your view matters so please let me know  #equalmarriage
Encouraging constituents to tell me what you think about equal marriage. Vote next week. 30 second on line survey. http://t.co/2x7HWMaB
Congrats to all who slept in a box last night as part of Trinity'S Big Sleep Out fundraiser . It was pretty cold when I popped in !.
Swakeleys Bowling club has been there for 30 years. Very much hope that proposed changes at Swakeley House do not affect that in any way.
Harefield faces a viaduct across a treasured view;a massive construction camp for 3 years; loss of HOAC and no sign of compensation.#HS2
Sorry to miss Harefield public meeting today on HS2.Thx to Doreen Mcintyre and Richard Barnes for good talk thru of key village issues.
Very impressed by Amgen prog to lend state of art biotech kit to local schools. Kids and staff at Douay Martyrs v inspired
Pop into Eastcote Hockey Club. Round 2 of battle over meadows pitch about to start. Big opposition last time. Wanted to hear their side.
Impressed by fundraising initiative of local Scouts.Delivering Christmas cards for 20p.1st class local service cheaper than 2nd class stamp.
Thanks to Ickenham residents who came in to Parliament today to talk about HS2  and update me on growing anger in community.
Important article by @gmonbiot in Guardian about need to bring children and natural world together again. If not, who will defend?
Good to see scouts: cubs; brownies ;and beavers all there in big numbers to show their respect.
Over 1,000 people around Eastcote war memorial ; the power of silence : connections between past and present under a brilliant blue sky.
In Eastcote this year for Remembrance and #2MinutesSilence
Serving tea and cake in #Michael Sobell hospice today. It is a place full of kindness. Proud we have it in Northwood #greatlocalcharity
Just to alert new followers ; @minforcivsoc is the twitter account I use for civil society stuff.
Pleased Hillingdon kids got chance to go on #ncs this year. Universal approval.They loved it and want more. Good job #challengenetwork
Delighted to help Hatch End Horticultural Society celebrate 70th anniversary. Prize Giving all smiles but sense strong competitive undertow
About to open Pinner village show in beautiful sunshine. Congrats to Pinner rotary club for making it happen.
Great to meet 50 #ncs participants in Harrow this morning. Such a positive experience for 16 year olds: Harrow council v supportive
Thx Seb. Thx Mo and Bolt. Thx  #teamGB. Happy memories which will last a long time. #reallegacy . #ofcourseitwasworthit
Having lived in Brazil for 5 yrs I can't think of a city I would prefer to take over the flame. Vai Rio!
Matthew Parris in Times; legacy of this generation  " debt: procrastination and environmental destruction ". Ouch !
Congrats to everyone involved with #mothersagainstgangs.com. Impressive #bigsociety initiative coming out of Harrow, well supported by Met.
Congrats to Julia Bleasdale on another great run. Sure everyone v proud at Hillingdon AC.
Rural Activities Centre in Hillingdon a little gem ; supporting people with learning disabilities and selling great plants. Car full.
Field full of kids having a good time in Hayes ; well done Hillingdon Play Association and new volunteers. Supported by #socialactionfund.
Visit to Charville Young Peoples Centre, next to AFC Hayes.  Possibly a model for places like Harefield which need more for young people?
Took opportunity to celebrate volunteers on #lbc. Not just the magnificent #London2012 army : unsung work day in day out across country.
Good to visit #dogstrust in Harefield. Great local asset that will be affected by HS2. Introduced to wonderful beagle puppy called Boris.
Good to talk with constituents  up for anti #HS2 protest; despite the rain. Anger at "arrogance" of HS2 in community meetings.
Good to bump into constituents in the scrum for the post gig tube. Signal failure on Central line. Bodes well.
Not Westminster Council's finest hour. Pulling the plug on the Boss and Macca on stage in Hyde Park when show was clearly ending.
Special thanks to #sportinspired who ran a great day and put smiles on a lot of young faces.
Thx to all who made our first community games a big success. Year 7s from almost every school making new friends and trying new sports.
Thx to Harefield Academy for hosting our first ever community games;c200 kids from almost every secondary school all mixed up.Good buzz.
Good questions on Heathrow: jobs for young people; and opening procurement up to SMES.
Hillingdon Chamber of Commerce "Three MPs breakfast" turns out to be "One MP and a Mayor breakfast".
Thank you to HS2 compensation and mitigation forum for organising.
Useful meeting with Justine /Greening to discuss HS2. Impressed that she has been personally reviewing the exceptional hardship cases
Eastcote House and Gardens a wonderful venue for Jubilee celebrations. Happy time dishing out medals and prizes. Park full of families.
Really delighted by news that Northwood School is going to get Technical College status . Great boost for a fast improving school.
Very pleased to open Jubilee event in Northwood. That other great British Institution - the weather- is not spoiling the fun.
Good to pop into Northwood assembly to celebrate their sweeping of the #blastbeat awards. Pleased to get one as " best mentor"
Really pleased by progress of Northwood School. Now among top 100 performing schools / big turnaround since 2005 .
Wonderful induction ceremony for Rabbi Bergson at Pinner Synagogue. Chief Rabbi on top form.
Letter from Andrew Lansley: Hillingdon Hospital is being supported with £12.4 m of new capital for the Urgent Care Centre. Good news
Really delighted by progress at Northwood school. It had a bad reputation but is on the up. Congrats to everyone involved.
I enjoyed going into Northwood School to talk to 6th form. Not sure who gave me a tougher time ; the pupils or the teachers!
Impressed by visit to #redballoon in Harrow. A charity doing great work with kids who are victims of bullying that keeps them out of school.
Thanks to everyone who turned up for the Harefield public meeting on HS2. It was robust but really helpful.
In Hoylake Crescent playing postman for Boris and Richard Barnes. Chance to talk to a few residents about HS2.
About to visit local social enterprise  Blue sky : the only company in the country where you have to have a criminal record to work!
Good discussion at very enjoyable session at Harrow Mencap with volunteers and carers. Very valuable work.
Ruislip Woods in the snow is hard to beat. Quick change of air before Police Consultative group. Very beautiful and still.
At Eastcote House to hand over a cheque to the Friends. My contribution to their appeal. As a community we need to raise 25k in match.
Useful meeting with Harefield against HS2 in the Old Orchard. Beautiful views across lake over which viaduct is proposed.
Great session with mix of  kids from different years. Smart and engaged once they understood what an MP does: a credit to school.
The Academy is a pioneer in offering boarding : they are really pleased by demand and impact .
Always a pleasure driving into Harefield Academy. A great asset for the village. Such a contrast with what was here before.
At Hillingdon Hospital for regular meeting with the other Hillingdon  MPs. Long queue for much needed coffee.
Good to be back at Michael Sobell House for Northwood Branch AGM. Wonderful hospice having to raise serious money for new building.
Always enjoy Civic service at Northwood Liberal Synagogue. Like the  priority that is attached to being active members of the community.
Second Friday afternoon in a row knocking on some doors in Ickenham to discuss HS2. They are not helped by new tunnel.
Fun lunch with all the chairs of resident associations in constituency. A very dedicated bunch of people.
Thanks to Harrow Law Centre and St Lukes Hospice for good conversations today. Two very important community assets.
In Harefield listening to concerns about HS2.
Back at Kew Gardens. The Marianne North Gallery is a gem and has rekindled a bad dose of wanderlust.
Koi Chai synagogue in Hatch End celebrating 25 years.
Thanks to #woodandtrust for providing over 400 trees.
Community planting day at Eastcote House and Gardens- 10 30 to 12 30; led by the indefatigable Lesley Crowcroft.
The wreath laying at Northwood takes a wonderfully long time. So many voluntary organisations.
At the Legion in Eastcote. They had  a thousand people for service.  Doubled in six years I reckon . .
Congrats to Simon and everyone involved at HART ; really valuable support in Hillingdon and Harrow to those living with HIV.
Ruislip woods very beautiful this evening.The open air chapel to commemorate the fallen youth of Ruislip felt right place to visit today.
At Harefield war memorial for 11 11 11.
Vde
Good to see so many people at St Johns Pinner last night for launch of appeal to raise £ 1m for repair of roof and tower. Good to aim high.
Opening the Pinner village show. In its 22nd year and still going strong. Congrats to all the Rotarians involved.
At Hillingdon Age UK. Their Time Travellers project is neat ; old help young with reading in schools : young help old with IT skills.
Good catch up with management of Hillingdon Hospital. Glad we have strong leadership there at a v challenging time.
Well I survived. The others seem to get quicker every year! Thanks to all volunteers who make this fundraiser possible.
Always pinch myself running past Harefield Academy.Contrast with old school amazing. New Boarding wing; one of all too few in state system.
I always find this run moving. Teams running with pictures of loved ones on their T shirts:lost or in treatment. Often young faces.
About to start Harefield Hospital Fun Run. With Shaking Stevens.
First visit to Ickenham marsh. Peaceful and rather beautiful spot on edge of RAF Northolt. Nice job London Wildlife Trust and volunteers.
I note that the Economist has come our against HS2.
Thanks to all those from Eastcote; N Hills; Pinner and Ickenham resident associations who met with me yesterday. Good catch up.
Talked to a number of businesses in Northwood and Eastcote today. Not all negative but still v tough on High Street.
Great meeting with Harrow youngsters taking part in the #National Citizen service pilot.They have big plans to raise money for homeless.
England cricket team magnificent. Given us something to be proud of again after a shocking week.
Congrats to Harrow Police for a good job last night. Dispersal order and joint patrols with youthworkers proved effective.
Any constituents wanting to see my response to HS2 consultation can do so on my website ; www.nickhurd.com.
Just finished winding up 2nd Reading debate on Public Bodies Bill. Key part of long overdue reform of quangoland.
Just amazed by transformation of Eastcote walled garden as we pay tribute to Sheila Liberty: Eastcote community champion. Volunteer power.
Fun catchup with #blastbeat mentoring project @ Northwood school. Gig a great success and delighted that Northwood band is in final.
Thx to Hillingdon Chamber of Commerce yesterday for breakfast. Good chance to encourage local businesses to support local charities.
@AndrewReverand. Thx. Sorry not to have had a chance to say Hi.
At Harrow Relay for Life.Great community event expecting to raise 80K for Cancer Research.Walked with Survivors and left with cupcakes.
Always good to visit #harefield academy. Transformed school and great links with community.We are very lucky to have Lynn Gadd in charge.
Delighted to welcome volunteers from Number 10 working with excellent social enterprise # Bluesky in Ruislip this morning.
Interesting meeting with Trinity Homeless in Uxbridge: good example of small,  niche social enterprise that is really good at what it does.
Finally made it to Ruislip Residents Association ; good discussion ; not least about HS2.
Great buzz and hotdogs at Coteford Junior summer fete.
Congratulations to everyone in Ickenham who contributes to Cancer Research fundraising. £15 k a year. Very impressive.
In Ickenham Library for more conversations with constituents about HS2. Shaping my own response to consultation.
Great to be there at kick off to Battle of Bands at Northwood School. Huge amount of work from student team who set it up with #blastbeat
Thanks to Harefield residents who came to share their views on HS2. And to HOAC for showing me the impact on the great work they do.
Just spent 90 mins at Arup sound lab listening to what #HS2 might sound like in 3 different locations in my constituency.
Thanks also to Ruislip residents who came in today to make very clear their opposition to HS2.
Thank you to #harrowcarers for setting up a good Q and A session today . Carers week celebrating work of 6 million people.
Pinner Fair in full swing. Lots of smiles in the sunshine.
Really pleased to hear tonight at Eastcote Residents AGM of Hillingdon Council plans for more community engagement ; Pride of Place.
Enjoying sight of the Leader of the Free world flipping burgers.
My office looks over the Rose Garden at No Ten. The Presidential BBQ in full swing with lots of servicemen and women enjoying the sunshine.
Lots of giving going on in Ruislip Northwood and Pinner. White Paper is about how we can make it easier and compelling to do more.
7.10 slot on LBC talking to Ian Dale about the Giving White Paper I am launching today. Hope a few constituents were tuned.
Fun lunch with Pinner and Northwood Pinner Business Club. Talked about what MPs do. So few people actually know!.
Good turnout at Northwood Hills Residents AGM. Metropolitan Line;Joel Street;parking and the Big Lunch on the agenda.Good community spirit.
Foundation Trust status for Hillingdon Hospital is good news : my congrats to David Mcvittie and all the team.
So pleased by Northwood Hills event tonight. Big turnout to discuss what we can do together to make it an even better place to live and work
Good to see Hillingdon Chamber of Commerce here in Parliament.
About to give evidence to Education Select Committee on NCS. A little bleary given that voting last night finished at 4 am!
In Hatch End High street party with the Mayor. Organisers can't believe how many people have turned out. Heaving. Smiles everywhere.
Great atmosphere at the Pinner picnic in the park. People really enjoying being together.
Harrow now has over 1000 residents signed up as Neighbourhood Champions; volunteers supporting the Police and Council. Impressive.
Two and a half hour AGM of Pinner Residents Association.Really impressive dedication to community on display.
Good meeting with Ickenham Residents Association on High Speed Rail. Concern is growing and they want more information.
@PaulEvans79 thx. I enjoyed meeting you all too n
Pleased to launch Europe Year of Volunteering and celebrate 125 years of the Civil Service Benevolent Fund at same time:thx to Vol England.
@TimMontgomerie hi Tim. How many words would be ideal and could i get it to you tomorrow? Been swamped today
@TimMontgomerie thx tim. To you also.
My congrats to Sir Stephen Bubb. Well deserved.
@TimMontgomerie Hi Tim liked your piece on charities. Can i respond to you next week ? Nick Hurd.
V pleased by todays news on Sus Communities Act. Many proposals approved and a much better system set up for next phase. See CLG website
#minforcivsoc is my seperate account for anyone wanting to follow thoughts on job as minister for civil society.
Very pleased to congragulate Community Voice on 20th anniversary and to thank them for their magnificent support in our Mt Vernon campaign.
300 people at switching on of Hatch End Christmas Tree lights by their MP. Good spirit in the street.
Very sad to see my constituent Katie leave X Factor. She has been through so much.Suspect we will be hearing more from her.
Great to be in Northwick Park hospital handing over toys and books for kids ; all donated as part of Mitzvah and national Sewa day.
My first Remembrance service in Pinner ; loved a poem composed and read out by a local school girl: about how life can change in a moment.
Now that one constituent has discovered that an old vase was worth £53m, i suspect a few more will be up in the loft this weekend.
@clarekerr i would not know.
Watching my constituent Katie take it to the wire on #X factor. She put it all out there tonight. V impressive.
Make a difference day in Eastcote.Thirty of us planting spring bulbs in the rain. Lots of kids . Did some good.Had some fun.
Good birthday party for Hillingon Action Group for Addiction Management. 6000 people helped with their battles. Voluntary sector at best.
Good debate in Northwood this evening about values and tolerance ; well  organised by Emmanuel Church.
@CharlieRoper i will keep working on it Charlie.
In Green room of One Show waiting to go on and talk about Big Society. Amanda Holden next door.
Good fringe discussion on role of Big Brands in #Big Society ;held appropriately in Starbucks.
Back from honeymoon straight to debut on Conference platform to talk about #bigsociety. Lord Young v good on health and safety reform.
Great meeting with Harrow LA CEO. Full of ideas for getting residents more involved and changing culture of local authority.
Good fun in Pinner over weekend. Congrats to Rotary Club for a very good village fete and to Police for opening up station to public.
Got through tonight  my first winding up of a debate as a Minister.It is a tricky thing particularly for a contentious Bill like this one.
Pop into Eastcote Hockey club to present awards after club day. They are in high spirits. A happy club.
Delighted to be at Northwood Liberal Synagogue to celebrate Queens Award for Volunteering going to their Bereavement ... http://tmi.me/13Tuw
Heaved myself around the annual Harefield Hospital Fun run. The others are definitely getting faster each year!
Useful meeting with Hillingdon GPs to discuss health reform.They seem up for the challenge and want to get on with it.
V pleased to attend opening of "new" youth club at Northwood Boys Club.Place was buzzing. Congrats to Council. Nice Job.
Pleased that Harrow PCT have agreed to my suggestion of a public meeting to explain their position on the Village surgery.
Pleased to get visit from CEO of Harrow Carers. He tells me that we will soon have 9 million carers in Britain.
Moving visit to Hillingdon Womens Centre with fellow Borough MPs.They are the net below the net for thousands of women and deserve support.
To Bishop Ramsey; impressive six formers express their support for One goal campaign to help more kids in poor countries get to school.
Very pleased to see so many people at Eastcote House picnic. Makeover of walled garden a tribute to volunteers and community spirit.
Two schools day. St Martins speech and prizes;. Coteford Junior Fun Day.Blazing sunshine;end of term;lots of smiles.
Good meeting with Harrow PCT about the Village surgery and their plans to reduce deficit without cutting services.
Hillingdon Chamber of Commerce Three MPs breakfast;took opportunity to talk about partnership with voluntary sector and tease John Mcdonell
Good to see Ickenham Festival flags lining the High Street. I recommend the hobby display at the United Reform Church.
Good meetings with Borough Commander and leadership of PCT. Both believe efficiency savings can be found without affecting front line.
I really like the strong sense of community in Ickenham.Well attended service at United Reform to kick off Festival week.
Harefield villagers want to claim the Mediparc site as a village green. Big Society in action.
Best of British today.Go from Trooping of Colour to Harefield fete.Real sense of community in village and St Georges flag everywhere.
Good fun last night awarding the overall winner at Charity Awards 2010:CVS a worthy winner. I keep smiling as Jo Brand slags off Government.
Really enjoyed my visit to St Martins school.Lots of good questions from an impressive group of boys in Year 7.
Enjoyed debut at despatch box as a Minister. It was just before PMQs so chamber was packed. Managed to avoid sitting back down on PM.
@RedgemTree many thanks !
@DaveWellie thanks Dave
@CW_Brian thanks Brian!
@narrowboatgirl many thanks !
@dangraham16 thanks daniel.
Visited Pinner based charity Kids Can Achieve. Great example of what parents can achieve when they want something better for their children.
Served lunch to senior citizens at the excellent Northwood Live at Home charity . Part of Volunteering Week.
My office looks down on the No 10 garden, which  is being put to good use. Great to see the England Cricket team there yesterday.
"Great to see inspirational social activists around the Cabinet table this morning. PM confirms Big Society agenda is core"
Really pleased to have been asked by the PM to continue working with the Voluntary Sector in my new role as Minister for Civil Society.
Strong endorsement by the Parliamentary party  of David's negotiating position with LDs. But Labour will do anything to stay in power.
Heading for the big meeting of the new Parliamentary Party. Very odd atmosphere in the House. Decision time?
After seven hours of watching my votes being counted last night ; it is back to Brunel to observe our local count. Glutton.
Really delighted to get over 57% of vote. A big thank you to my supporters.
Turnout healthy. People coming out who have not voted in years.
Just driven an elderly couple to polling station. He has just come out of hospital but was determined to vote Tory for the first time.
Good luck to all Conservative candidates in school mock elections today. Wear the rosette with pride!
Zero hour. The end of what feels like a very long campaign. Thank you letters and a drive round the polling stations with my Mum.
Nice of Charity Times to call me a political  " heavyweight". But nothing like an election to help you lose the pounds.
Lots of people at the St Lawrence church Mayfair yesterday. Reminder of how important churches are to our sense of community.
Good lively discussion at Haydon school yesterday. Feels like more young people will vote this time and that must be healthy.
Out canvassing with my kids in West Ruislip. Dodging the showers.
Media projections of seats all based on uniform national swing. Which will not be the case.
Video interview with ivolunteer on the importance of volunteers and what we can do to encourage more.
Lively hustings in Harefield. My Labour opponent reduced to singing!
Good robust hustings in Northwood last night. People are really engaged with this one.
Honour to walk mile of marathon route with inspirational Major Phil Packer and an injured young Marine http://twitpic.com/1iqlj3
Anzac Day at Harefield; one of my favourites. Real sense of community.
Big Society also alive and well in Eastcote; good number of volunteer gardeners replanting the walled garden at Eastcote House.
Big Society alive and well in Ickenham; packed Residents Association meeting last night
The Liberal candidate was wearing an "I agree with Nick" badge at the school hustings this morning. Which was nice of him.
@danz04 ‎​I lived in Brazil for four years where I set up a financial business then helped build an internet telecoms company in London.
Good questions session at Bishop Ramsey School this morning. First time voters really engaged with this election.
Happy St. Georges Day! Lots of flags in Ruislip. Good to see...
@mistermarkjones Yes, I am your Conservative candidate for the election now that the Ickenham ward has joined Ruislip, Northwood & Pinner.
Thank you! RT @simonairish: #Followfriday @nickhurd4mp if you live in ruislip/northwood/pinner constituency he's done a great job in my area
On #EarthDay I sincerely hope that we hear more about the environment in tonight's #leadersdebate than we did in the first.
Well attended Pinner Residents AGM yesterday; impressed by community spirit. To raise over £1m for West House is something.
‎​Packed meeting in Harefield to discuss damage done to MediParc site (seen as nature reserve) by big developer. Residents have my support.
Really pleased with the feedback on our open letter to the Voluntary Sector. Read the letter here: http://tiny.cc/220ya
Hot work canvassing in Northwood sun with my daughter Katie. Chocolate muffin time!
Lovely 'Tea and Chat' last week with senior Northwood ladies; thanks to Northwood Live at Home, a great local charity.
‎​Meeting lots of undecided voters. But in answer to the question "Do you want five more years of Gordon Brown?" not one has said yes.
Speaking to young Ruislip entrepreneur who has contracts in place but can't get any financial support from banks. All wrong.
Out in sunny Harrow today for the excellent Rachel Joyce. Ex-Labour voter admits they've shot themselves in the foot with tax on jobs.
Last constituency surgery as an MP in this Parliament. Over 5,000 cases since May 2005. Still the most rewarding part of the job.
Excited by our plans for a National Citizen Service. I saw the impact on teenagers in the early pilots and it can be transformational.
DC outstanding in last PMQs. Spotlight on lack of helicopters, raid on pensions, and tax on jobs. GB floundering.
First interview of #ge2010 campaign - Society Guardian podcast talking about #BigSociety and the importance of the voluntary sector
XX,nickhurdrnp,Nick Hurd,239,26,2
