@PhilipDavies422
will be tweeting from my original address - http://twitter.com/philipdaviesmp from now on
will be tweeting from my original address - http://twitter.com/philipdaviesmp from now on
will be tweeting from my original address - http://twitter.com/philipdaviesmp from now on
will be tweeting from my original address -  http://twitter.com/philipdaviesmp from now on
@jdc325 Anytime, hope it was useful.  If I can ever help with anything else, please do not hesitate to contact me
@chipoil I will certainly take it up with the Minister and send you the response I receive. Pls send me your name and postal address
@IamChrisEvans Not sure how you worked this one out, as 48.6% of my constituents voted for me!
@IamChrisEvans Ive always been open and honest with my constituents about my views on PC since 2005 and have stuck by my word
@BGRTRob I will always represent my constituents.  if you have any local issues, please contact me and I will take them up for you
@them_apples I will always represent any issue my constituents have.  Please contact me with the details and I will happily take them up
@BGRTRob The local surveys I conduct actually show that many of my constituents agree with my "PC crusade". Will continue to campaign for it
@rpadesign Thanks very much,I'm glad the people of Shipley have re-elected me. Will continue to do all I can to represent them in Parliament
@TorySean Many thanks! What a night!
@Dick_Puddlecote Many thanks, glad you don't have to change your mascot for the time being!
@impeus Many thanks
@SimonMagus Thanks Simon, what a night! Great result and thanks for all your help
exhausted! Shipley - Con hold with a majority of 9944. Many thanks to all my constituents who voted to re-elect me
it's time for a change. We can't have another 5 years of Brown. Vote Conservative for a better Britain
myself and my dedicated team are leafletting and canvassing like crazy across the constituency
Can't understand why Power 2010 are so scared to debate with me on an open platform in front of all my constituents? Not a worthwhile cause?
@lawrencecarter1 There are no plans to withdraw from this
@MenstonLIVE I would be happy to. Please see my website for contact details www.philipdavies.org.uk.  Best to call between 4-6pm if poss
@DavidNevin Many thanks David, I really appreciate your support.  If I can ever help with anything, please get in touch
@_Jock I appreciate his support.  It is refreshing to see UKIP putting national interests above party politics
@whoshipleyvote I always enjoy the hustings,it's a great way to hear my constituents concerns and an excellent platform for all 4 candidates
@matt4bradford many thanks! I really appreciate your support
has been leaf-letting in Wrose, Baildon and Burley in Wharfedale, meeting constituents and enjoying my son's 7th birthday party
thinks the Lib Dems are not a safe alternative... Giving prisoners the vote, joining the euro and giving an amnesty to illegal immigrants!
has been out canvassing on Hawksworth drive in the rain. I shall continue to oppose the planned development at Derry Hill
is attending the St Paul's Church hustings in Shipley tonight. Great questions so far, looking forward to another lively debate
will be attending the St Paul's Church Hustings in Shipley tonight. Great fun so far and looking forward to another lively debate
@them_apples What utter garbage! I will and do speak to any1 who wants to speak to me, Tory or not. Tell me the address pls and I'll visit
@beckacurrant No worries, I will lobby the Council on your behalf for safer cycling, if re-elected and I have signed the CTC pledge
is looking forward to another lively hustings meeting with all the Shipley candidates, at the Bingley Baptist Church tonight, 7.30pm
Migration Watch's report that there are over 1m illegal immigrants in the UK is a clear independent challenge to Lib Dem's amnesty policy
@beckacurrant Pls write to me (address found at www.philipdavies.org.uk) & I'll take it up with the council and send you the reply I receive
@jamesclayton Having an honest, informed discussion on immigration has been deemed 'racist' for far too long.  Totally wrong perception
@Dick_Puddlecote Many thanks! Love the blog and your support is greatly appreciated
@_Jock @Quietzapple One man can not influence three separate poltical parties.  They have all made their own independent decisions
@michaelofscott Thanks Michael, good to know we are the most active Party in the constituency.  Great responses so far as well
@robfprior I'm not surprised they are not actively promoting this policy.  It's not exactly a vote winner.
Great to see such a high turnout at the Burley in Wharfedale and Menston hustings last night.  Lively debate conducted in very good spirit
check out my website at www.philipdavies.org.uk for more info about me and my beliefs
disagrees with the Supreme Court's ruling to allow sex offenders to apply to have their names removed from the sex offenders' register
is participating in the BBC Radio Leeds' General Election debate tonight at 7pm with a Labour and Lib Dem candidate
is canvassing in Denholme today. A big concern is the speeding traffic on the main road. I will take this up with Bradford Council
thinks the Lib Dem amnesty for all illegal immigrants to stay in this country will only exacerbate the UK's immigration problems
wonders how Clegg is the man to clean up politics when he didnt publish his expenses as an MEP?
has been to the Greenhill Action Group at their stall in Bingley Market. Great to see how many people have signed the petition
is canvassing in Cottingley today, just popped in to the Spring Fayre to raise money for Manorlands.  Great to see so many people there
is canvassing in Menston today, helping the local residents oppose plans to build houses at Derry Hill.
is out canvassing in Burley in Wharfedale. I will continue to campaign for more capacity on the Wharfedale line.
is canvassing in Wilsden and Harden today and getting lots of positive feedback on our tax breaks for married couples
@B_GandT The Independent Boundary Commission decide on the boundary changes
@jwbrown83 If you contact me directly by email or post, I'll be happy to reply in full.  it would be very difficult to do in 144 characters
is canvassing in Bingley today. If re-elected I will double my efforts to re-open Bingley police station to the public.
is canvassing in Bingley today. one thing I'll do if re-elected is double my efforts to get the police station re-opened to the public.
is canvassing in Wrose today. A major local concern are the increased burglaries which I'll take up with the Divisional Commander of Police
@snookcocker I'm not his official spokesman, if you are so interested you should try contacting him
@snookcocker @impeus IGood question, especially seeing as Doncaster was doing so well under the previous Labour Mayor!!
@impeus I didn't lie to you at all.  Please email me at philipdavies2010@hotmail.co.uk with the 'lie' I supposedly told you
@impeus I am all in favour of science, but I do think that too many school leavers people go to university
@lawrencecarter1 I believe in free speech and that people should be able to speak out on any issue,therefore I'll not be signing this pledge
is shocked that Roy Amor felt he had to commit suicide after falling victim to the politically-correct brigade.
is shocked that the parents of Charlotte Avenall, who died after being locked in a squalid room, were only jailed for one year!
is canvassing in Baildon today and Bingley this evening, hoping to meet as many constituents as possible
under this Labour Government, 98.5% of the 1.67 million new jobs created, were taken by immigrants.  It's time for a change!
thinks this country can't afford another five years of Gordon Brown and is looking forward to an exciting election campaign
is preparing for the campaign trail
is meeting some local residents in Menston, who are rightfully opposing a 340 house-building project on greenbelt land
is spending today with his family and will be enjoying a nice Sunday roast
what is the Government thinking when an Iraq hero's application for social housing is placed beneath those of criminals and asylum seekers??
is attending the two-day annual Bingley Food Festival, with c.20,000 people
has just presented the Eldwick Post Office with a Certificate of Merit from the Small Shops APPG for Small shop of the year 2010
is not surprised that Labour keeps misleading the public on immigration stats  - another failure to tackle this crucial issue!
is horrified that a convicted rapist refugee has won a legal battle against his deportation!
is the official mascot of another libertarian blog, http://patnurseblog.blogspot.com/  I am also still waiting for a response from Power2010
is canvassing in Baildon today
is going to see Dead Guilty at the Westgate Drama Group in Baildon tonight.
Power2010 have so far refused to engage in a public debate with me because they "don't want to have whole evenings of debates!!!"
is visiting Wilsden primary school, the Flower Fund Homes in Baildon and attending a Child Support Agency Surgery
has challenged Power2010 to a public debate, but has had no response as yet!
thinks the suggested smoking ban in cars is further reducing our freedom of choice in Britain
is visiting Auschwitz today with two local schools in his constituency (Nab Wood and Titus Salt) courtesy of the Holocaust Educational Trust
is meeting the directors of Yorkshire Water this morning and visiting a new health centre in Bingley this afternoon
is supporting the Greenhill Action Group today, to stop a 475 house development project being built on lovely countryside in Micklethwaite
is supporting Lindsay Hoyle's early day motion to prevent tax increases on petrol in the Budget
Ladbrokes have me at 100/1 to be the new Home Secretary!
is the official mascot / fave MP of the Dick Puddlecote blog http://dickpuddlecote.blogspot.com/
can't believe that the Labour Government have introduced 4,300 new criminal offences since 1997... Yet another example of the nanny state!
thinks Labour's proposal to reform the Lords 2 months before an election is a poor attempt at point scoring
is canvassing in Burley today.
is surprised that so many people are asking him to withdraw an amendment that he already withdrew yesterday.
secured an agreement on increased promotion of Saltaire as a tourist destination, from 'Welcome to Yorkshire' yesterday.
is meeting the chief exec of Welcome to Yorkshire today, to discuss ways of further promoting Saltaire as a tourist destination.
is pledging his support to reduce bingo taxation this afternon, at the 'bingo bond' signing session.
believes the plan to ban the sale of cigarettes from vending machines is yet another example of our intolerant and illiberal Government.
follow my latest political interview with a student from Leeds.... YouTube - PhilipDaviesMP-what do MP's do.mov http://goo.gl/p0hC
can't believe that prisoners are paid unemployment benefit and sick pay! You couldn't make it up!!
is leafletting in Menston this afternoon and is visiting constituents tonight
will be speaking out against the creation of a Grocery Ombudsman today.  Who wants higher supermarket prices at a time of economic hardship?
thinks that protecting the rights of child killers is outrageous.The British public should be told why Venables has been sent back to prison
click here to see me answering a student's question on climate change. Catch21 Productions | Philip Davies' Uni-Q minute http://goo.gl/Jts4
is attending the 'Rail in the North' meeting this afternoon, to push for increased funding for rail transport in the North of England
is meeting with the Chief Exec of Equitable Life, to discuss customer compensation
has a surgery in Harden today (2pm), before attending the Faitrade Tea Party in Bradford and the Saltaire Beer Festival tonight.
has been formally adopted as the Conservative election candidate for Shipley!
is hoping he is formally adopted as Shipley's Conservative general election candidate tonight!
Appearing on the Uni-Q show tonight at Leeds University.  Joined by Austin Mitchell MP to discuss the key issues facing British students.
XX,PhilipDavies422,Philip Davies,109,9,0
