@SHammondMP
Busy day. Congrats to Macmillan-great Christmas fair. Great questions from students at Raynes Park. Just off to a house meeting
#SaveMAE thanks to all who turned up last night. Real passion to stop crazy Labour plan to shut MAE and Whatley rd  site .
@Save_MAE I think Labour Merton decision is a disgrace   MAE should stay open
@MorThnJustASong Vulnerable cases will always be protected. Proposal mooted was for those out of education AND work, not the vulnerable
@Tedmeister16 @networkrail please call my office to arrange
After reading the weekend papers If Labour don't want Miliband as leader why should UK want him as PM
Good morning selling Poppies for @PoppyLegion in Morden along with Mitcham and Morden PPC @pauljholmes http://t.co/2H9cFrqMyy
@WatkinsonGary thank you
Looking forward to 100 th Anniversary of St. John @ high path at midday
@IyabodeA sorry assumed you knew the answer.  Will happily ask please send me your postal address
@IyabodeA and the answer is
@bmainian apologies I had thought you had tweeted about salary quote
@MabelFonge @bmainian the daily telegraph lied about this and I note the comments they now report
@bmainian @SHammondMP please read what I actually said re salaries
@bmainian @SHammondMP @ that's fine but having refused my offer please read what I said & refrain from tweeting lies about me in the future
@bmainian @MabelFonge you are welcome to come as well  I do hope miss Fonge will come on Friday
@MabelFonge awaiting your response to my invitation to meet me this Friday at my surgery so I can correct misleading nonsense
The minister has just congratulated Merton chamber's " take one" scheme for apprentices in the House of Commons
@MabelFonge You seem to hv been misled about many stories about me. -Please come to my surgery on 31st @ 4.30pm? We can have a chat.
@Team2015 are on our way to #RochesterandStrood for our action day. Lovely t-shirts being handed out! http://t.co/Ge4rEM1iwb
At PMQs. Miliband refused to agree to an OECD review of labour run NHS in Wales. I think we all know why
@DanHolden85 which road are you delivering now
@jameschappers after today's result allowed a certain glee
@SouthamptonFC @jameschappers another fan I hope
@thom_merrilin didn't say that.  Why not read what I actually said before tweeting
@IBLOG2GLASGOW  Simply untrue.   Read what  I actually said
@burden87 no
@HarryShotton @DanielWickham93 I notice the selective quoting of my statement.  If you want the whole statement please go to my website
Congratulations to Blossom House School     21 years of inspiring  young people
In the Chamber supporting the Bill to give people the chance to vote on EU
After a morning campaigning. I am holding a Vision for Wimbledon at 3pm Holy Trinity Church Hall   This will be the people's vision
Great to visit Chapel Street 's Park school and great news on the secondary school coming
Enjoying the Merton Business Awards#mertonbest
London homeowners beware. No guarantees that Mansion Tax won't be introduced at lower level as Labour try to get their sums right.
The only possible response to Miliband's speech is "together we must ensure you are never Prime Minister"
Heard about Ball's new Labour economic plan. Spend more and borrow more. More tax for anyone earning over 26k. Same old Labour!
@FeelgoodContent lovely meeting you!
@SarahJYong @CIPD @AuntGardiner @StepsAhead thank you for having me!
Last night I held a productive public meeting about the future of the High Path estate. Thanks to all who came! http://t.co/lpfhY6PIR4
Great morning with Christine from @RealLettings who bring empty homes back into use for local people. http://t.co/m2FBIDbbxx
@AlistairJones9 Drop me an email on hammonds@parliament.uk!
Attending the Merton WW1 commemoration event at Morden Park. Moving and poignant event.
Just attended the Tramlink consultation at Merton Civic Centre. I hope many people go along and make their views known.
My response to letters regarding the Data Retention Bill is now on my website. http://t.co/8QTmnDNxcK
@Codepope My response will be up on my website later today.
@abutaalay   Really sorry was at Lee House fete.   Delighted to come next year
@MaryMacleodMP explain please
This is already proving to be a very good final. All eyes are on SW19 today. #Wimbledon2014
Labour spent and created a structural deficit that left UK in worse position than just financial crisis. Same old Labour Same old lies
After Labour recession cost UK 750/- jobs. Under Conservatives 2 million new jobs created. Unemployment low in Wimbledon. Great news
Off to visit HS2 site at Toton. HS2 will deliver huge benefits for UK.
Great morning with DVSA and Met Police  inspection teams. Their work will make London safer for cyclists
@WatkinsonGary that's because under Labour   It's Mucky Merton
Out with @CharlieElphicke and @SamGyimah in #Newark. Finding support for @RobertJenrick all over the constituency. http://t.co/1Ozie9VFEM
@ailsajwilliams Glad we could help.
@OmarOakes Sally and Alice delivered to  almost every house in Graveney  n#
@chris_eud remember this govt has given extra money to help provide school places
@chris_eud indeed.   So don't believe the Labour nonsense that the conservatives would stop it. Those fibs sound desperate
4 hours left to vote conservatives for weekly bin collections, better schools and lower council tax in Merton
@DomMoass I don't think so.Remember tomorrow voting Conservative will give a vote on IN or OUT. Anything else you will never get a chance
Congratulations to all the fab dancers at Step into Dance at Ricards Lodge tonight
Excellent performance by PM on Marr. He states clearly only the Conservatives can and will offer an EU referendum
@oonaghmoulton this sums it up
@ayestotheright @PLMRLtd @GawainTowler @Markfergusonuk Excellent debate. Thanks very much!
@brionymcstea please send details and I will investigate
@graemehay please try hammonds@parliament.uk.
@graemehay have you got the right email  please call to get it if necessary.  I do try to get back to everyone promptly
@graemehay suggest you call my parliament office
@GoodallGiles @timloughton
Congratulations to DVSA  Delighted to be asked to open the new agency. The fabulous work of all the staff helps to ensure our roads are safe
@bish1964 I voted for the legislation.
Thanks to the Conservative Campaign Team. Hugely successful day .
@michelledonelan @CorshamTC @CorshamWatch @CorshamPeople @Corsham_Inst My pleasure!
@SikhFedUK I support the words of the PM . He was right to applaud the contribution of the Sikh community to our country
@jackieschneider no
Visited the regeneration plans at High Path estate. After some campaigning , now at launch of Merton Memories website .
@SadiqKhan @CllrButt @johnbiggs4mayor Happy to support a good cause!!
Osborne's help for housing is great news. The pension reforms are a massive boost. #Budget2014
A budget today for doers, makers and savers. A tax cut for all to help living costs. #Budget2014
A Conservative vision for Merton: http://t.co/BMxMV88Zxu via @YouTube
@JonDavis73  @QMHistory Pleasure. Glad you all came!
Here is the truth about the issue of an EU Referendum. http://t.co/ShDZHOdJpb
@DJWarburton thanks for a great afternoon
@OnTheFiddle Please email your case to Paul in my office on holmesp@parliament.uk
@BTConservatives Thank you very much!
@DomMoass @SHammondMP      And you     I enjoyed meeting the 6th Form Politics group. There were lots of stimulating questions
@SimonMagus suggest you email me at dft
When Farage said UKIP was full of barmy candidates and struggles getting talented people    I wonder who he was referring to locally
Good morning in Raynes Park yesterday.   Work on embankment will start by end March
GDP Q4 0.7 Annual 1.9.   Economy growing fastest for 6 years. Meanwhile IFS rubbish Balls plan.Conservative LongTerm Economic Plan working
Signing the Holocaust Educational Trust's Commitment book at the House of Commons this week. http://t.co/6czImSIGxm
@bencarltonjones 
how's life
At @lbc973 on @IainDale Parliament Hour. Tune in.
Attended Govt COBRA meeting today in preparation for tonight's bad weather. Keep tuned into local radio for updates.
Out delivering Xmas hampers with @oonaghmoulton for #CLOJ2013. http://t.co/US1RQ5bvO7
@futureMerton thanks for the seal of approval !
Lovely Christmas Party with the team. #christmasjumperfriday @macclellandcg @pauljholmes http://t.co/xETCCtLSUO
@Conor_BurnsMP Well done.
The world has lost a man who defined a huge part of its history. RIP Nelson Mandela
And to hear their thoughts/concerns and ideas. #smallbusinesssaturday
Looking forward to talking to lots of small businesses in #wimbledon on #smallbusinesssaturday about what the govt is doing for them.
I'm backing David Cameron and the Conservatives' #LongTermPlan to secure the economy for the future https://t.co/ft12IlmjaU
@WitneyCF @ianhudspeth thank you for having me along
Emergency gas works at Junction of Grand Drive and Westway. Emergency works will take place tomorrow morning. Expect delays #Wimbledon
Stephen Hammond MP backs the Money for Life Challenge, http://t.co/T3bkKTyLaB
After listening to Ed Miliband.  
The obvious response is. I am a Briton we can do better than you
My thoughts and prayers are with the family of PC Andrew Duncan who was killed in a hit and run on Friday. Terrible news.
Today's message is Archie has arrived
@hjdodzi please call my office on 0207 2193401 and we'll see how we can help
Out with Cllr Henry Nellis and local police in the High Path Estate today after anti drug operation. http://t.co/US0Z0ApkOE
About to speak at the Future Wimbledon Conference. Important discussions about how we can improve our town centre #wimbledon
Thrilled to open the London Stock Exchange today. All part on International Shipping Week http://t.co/6hCSQiAA6w
@JalsaUK thank you for the invitation
@JalsaConnect thank you for your hospitality
Read my statement on the Syria situation here: http://t.co/vXLqSphp8s
Visited #Crossrail Whitechapel Station on Thursday. http://t.co/4OK6AWKmfV
Good constituency surgery today and great visit to TNTs depot in Wimbledon this morning.
@BBCCornwallJC You're quite welcome. Thanks for having me.
Well done to Wimbledon schools who achieved excellent A-level results again this year.
@Brakecharity my pleasure!
Busy constituency day today. Visits and a surgery. It's hot out there so please don't forget to check on your elderly neighbours!
Well done Andy Murray! A British champion. Once again #Wimbledon has been fantastic.
@dundonaldtennis Fantastic well done.
Honoured to have been unanimously reselected as the Conservative Parliamentary Candidate for #Wimbledon for the 2015 GE. A huge honour.
Great afternoon with Greg Rusedski and the LTA to raise awareness for the upcoming championships. #wimbledon http://t.co/zqU0TI9cPN
Great reception for new tailgating , middle lane hogging and FPNs yesterday.  Launching summer anti drink drive. Enjoy the BBQ not a ban
Worth reading Trevor Kavanagh in The Sun today
Would the people who stole the money from the refreshment stand at Christian Aid car boot please return it
After the Millishambles comes the  Harriet crash. Radio 4 Finally confirms borrowing more to cut borrowing
Bizarre labour ppb.   Miliband in a classroom talking to himself.    Couldn't they get any stooges to listen
With @MaryMacleodMP at the launch of the London's Air Ambulance Strategic Partnership in Chiswick. http://t.co/tXDsgTcOeb
Speaking at the launch of the Strategic Partnership for London's Air Ambulance today http://t.co/QdBFEY6J2S
Deeply saddened by the death of Lady Thatcher. For a generation of people who have worked hard and achieved, it is the direct result of her
Lots of motorcyclists out this Easter. Hope drivers remember to look out 
Drive Safely
Looking forward to appearing on @lbc973 with @IainDale from 7pm. Do tune in!
Canvassing in Eastleigh.  Busy day in Wimbledon yesterday : briefing on St Helier And visit to Deen City Farm
30 years of belting up has saved over 50/- lives. Seatbelt law is 30 years old today.
Re Eurozone and break out of optimism.Remember Churchill-This isn't the end ...this is only the end of the beginning
Understand Coalition for Marriage have put out a leaflet in Wimbledon . To be clear I did not endorse it nor help its distribution
Visits in Norfolk and Suffolk, to support road projects
Am listening to a sensible Euro realist speech from PM   good stuff re single market & more power to members not EU plus a referendum
Victory .glad my six year campaign to keep through trains on Wimbledon Loop has been successful.
visited MCA in Southampton, the new MOC and the MRCC at Solent. Committed people.Re MOC- it will prove all wrong.
Great visit to Harwich Haven /Harwich Intl ports yesterday. Also meeting about economic growth potential of North Essex with local councils
Thanks to generous local people at Food Fare yesterday
Met inspirational Philip Packer today
Bad Luck AFC    Still the true Dons !!
Was celebrity chef last night as a prize for charity funds for Merton Mayor
At a launch of new Cycle Safety Initiative this morning for lorry and cyclists.As more people cycle; safety first!
Busy saturday. Meeting about local park followed by campaigning in Raynes Park with local team
Roads minister stuck in A3 post crash queue  getting to breakfast event looks unlikely.  Will be asking HA why it has taken so long
Note to Tim Yeo    analysis ok conclusion wrong      Need to build a new hub not R3
Like most people - a smile and a sense of pride this morning
If you rang your bell well done
In 10 mins you can observe a minute's silence for the murdered 1972 Israeli athletes. Then enjoy 9pm tonight
Advice Surgery, meeting with local traders, constituency postbag but then off to see Olympic Torch. Welcome to our supposed "holiday"
Good news on UK inflation- more delay from Eurozone as Gerrman constitutional court delays decision on ESM and euro rescue until Sept 12.
At a meeting to support and raise awareness of the fabulous lifesaving work the London Air Ambulance does
Hoping to raise the case of my constituent Mr Neave on PMQs
Tennis for Free and opening Joseph Hood School fete equals a busy morning.
Deal What Deal ,don't be fooled, this Eurozone not soved yet
Last night at local schools performance - excellent This am met TfL let's hope we will now see improving service
@JClionsden send it to me
District line screwed up again.  When will someone's from TfL take some responsibility and resign   The poor service is not acceptable
Mr Ng of Chek Lap airport joins discussion on UK aviation. Backs new airport!!Volunteering Week so was serving breakfast at YMCA today
Hooray for Eric Pickles. You now check up on the expenses of profligate Labour Councils. See the DCLG website
Eurozone - Osborne right to state UK will protect the integrity of the Single Market.
Just back from trip to Israel. Politics there dominated by social costs, one vs two state solution and Iran. There are storm clouds ahead.
Great reception for the announcement of the first 12 Portas winners     More on the way
read ES on aviation. If Greening is "compromised" what are Matthews and Walsh. Debate should be about a new airport not R3.Time to think big
sat through Jobs debate-didn't get called. But learnt alot about Labour economics- more spending and more debt. That's alright then!
ES reports BBC unhappy about Boris accusation of left wing bias.Perhaps the fuss is because it hits home.BBC is institutionally biased
Lets be clear on St Helier. This was a doctor led proposal, nothing to do with Govt!
Win for Parliamentary Hockey Team on Saturday at game to celebrate Blackheath's Hockey Club 150 years. Was under1861 rules though!
@LyntonKCrosby   Who says the leftwing establishment isn't alive and kicking!
@OmarOakes understand the votes from Village are making it look a little better for Dick Tracey
Tories increase share of vote in Wimbledon Park. Almost half voters support Conservatives.Linda Taylor majority 900
All the exit polls i hear    show Boris by a surprisingly strong margin.
Excellent evening celebrating 20 years of Merton Chamber of Commerce
Get home to a handwritten letter from someone called Brett Harrison.Probably the name is as fake as handwriting Just like Labour's campaign
Good day for PM yesterday
Good day for Boris today,see Times poll
As they say,don't just want it   vote for it
So on Thursday Vote Boris
Opps should read have you noticed how Labour have dropped Livingstone from their GOTV leaflets.Lets hope we can all forget him afterThursday
Busy morming of meetings and surgery in Wimbledon. Have you noticed how Labour have dropped from theirGOTV leaflets. I wonder why
Good day campaigning in Wimbledon Park. Thanks to Theresa May for joining us.
Went to Auschwitz yesterday.    V moving and extraordinary experience. Difficult to comprehend such evil
yes     on the economy @AliHammond14
Great launch of Friends of India last night; Had a PMQ    Labour still think spending is the solution to every economic problem
Watching London mayoral debate. Boris great. Can't trust ken.I remember when cut police numbers in Merton And the Green is a Crow lover
Good day so far. Lots of help for us in WP as I spy Lib Dem leaflets in bins.Also I hear we likely to win in Coombe. AFC win 2-0.
Was the real reason Peter Walker ripped down poster sbecause they opposed his plans? Right to be sacked and should resign as councillor
Times "Cities fit for cycling " suggesting blind spot sensors would be a real safety benefit . Absolutely right.
Boris to cut Council Tax by 10%      A deliverable promise unlike Ken's fare bluff
Met the PCT this morning and still trying to resolve the issues around Vineyard Hill Surgery
Third Runway is not the answer. No futureprooofing of demand.
Wimbledon Guardian reports Cllr Walker's disgraceful cut to park keepers. An entirely political decision from a council £12m underspent
Real news is basic pension goes up £5.30 next month not 75p under Brown. Tax cut for 23m workers and extra 1000 jobs from Glaxo
oh    I thought you had cancelled it   @AliHammond14
Budget takes more people out of tax,  Laffer curve works, anti avoidance measures, lowered corporation tax, growth measures
Spot on Osbourne
off to listen to the Budget. Lets hope for no change on deficit cuts and good news for growth and jobs
what do you mean cancelled lesson        @AliHammond14
@SuzanneEvans1 @OmarOakes You are right    technically the election campaign starts today.
Emergency Debate today on NHS Risk Register. Burnham might have more credibility if he had published these registers when he was a Minister
Queen addressed both Houses of Parliament to celebrate 60th Jubilee. Had the honour to meet Her Majesty afterwards
attended a fantastic Mayor's Ball last night. I was sold twice to cook dinner. Off to do Andrew Neil. Happy Mothers Day.
Too much Budget speculation around  and is never a good idea. But regional pay is sensible and credible
Tory MPs letter to Standard   ask Ken to come clean     how many of his campaign promises did he actually ever keep
PMQ today     asked re Livingstone and his tax affairs     time for Ken to come clean
@oonaghmoulton    Wales v lucky     if only our try had been allowed
Some v odd decisions today
Lots of comment as i leave Church ,no not gay marriage but wearing the cross, it is time for a rethink 
@SHammondMP
Lots of comment as i leave Church  no not gay marriage but wearing the cross           time for a rethink
great dinner at new restaurant Stiks'n'Sushi        welcome and good luck
@bencarltonjones Ah well & plans to update website Neil Scales is to run Brisbane Gold Coast transport,give him a buzz I said you would call
@OmarOakes   Depressingly I think Santorum is even less attractive. Repeat of 2008 for GOP.
After Super Tuesday, only one question for GOP- will Christie, Ryan or Bush be the candidate for 2016
@MarkFieldMPGreat Piece Only equitable basis is regional valuations eg over £5m in London, over £750/- in Sheffield,over £250/- in Scotland
Mansion Tax is both inequitable and will harm economy. It is wrong for London.
NHS SW London clinical review by local doctors suggests need 3 not 4 A&E and maternity.Controversial but is the clinician's recommendation
A night off , went to see "The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel "    2 hours of pleasure
Watched the BBC news re sheds in beds.   Obviously distressing circumstances but shouldn&#39;t BBC headline these men are illegal
Save our Surgery.    Everyone needs to write to PCT this weekend
Big rise in oil costs   Not great for euro economies.   Expect more bailouts
7.50pm cyclist,no lights, fails to stop for people including my wife already on zebra crossing in Arthur Rd. Unlikely to help  cyclist cause
Went to try to speak in the Tamil / Sri Lanka Human Rightsdebate but the opener took 35 mins out of 90.. Frustration !!!
Greek Bailout confirmed . Date for next meeting for next Bailout confirmed as 1/4/2012.
Attended a public meeting to save a local GP surgery which 300 attended. This is all due to a mad PCT review and must be stopped
Watch out for the row on NR bonuses on Monday.
Labour MPs say more strikes under Boris. Hardly news as Crow has been causing strikes for political reasons. Crow bankrolls Livingstone.
With the Mayor at the opening Regional Fire Centre hear the great news for Londoners that Boris cuts council tax
I see Livingstone crony Shawcross has accused Tory MPs on not using public transport    some of us use it every day
Rail Unions attempting to hold London to ransom for more cash       same old story      And Livingstone is in their pocket
Amongst other meetings I visited Battersea Dogs Home    what a great place     
Now off to Cannon Hill drinks
Just back from the CPT Dinner    Lord Prescott was the after dinner speaker   another car crash for logical thought and the english language
debate on afc wimbledon in the commons
Led a debate on UK/India Trade      stressed need for UK to compete and for Indians to liberalise and deregulate.Onto PMQs Miliband disaster
Unfortunately back at HoC         just listened to Michal Meacher            the old left lives
Just been to an event to launch a book on rail maps      lots of positive comments about HS2     HS2 will be of huge benefits
So now we know it will not be a quick win for Romney.  Gingrich is the anti Romney candidate.  And this could go all the way to August
Excellent Morning      on the campaign trail for Boris
Yesterday I was in the House and disapppointed the Daylight Bill was talked out
Just back from Greenwich Peninsula       great redevelopment opportunity      Boris and Eric launched scheme
Great news   Parliament Square cleared of so called protesters
watch this http://t.co/uObGxLv0
talked about railfares in transport debate this afternoon
XX,SHammondMP,Stephen Hammond MP,239,17,0
