@simonreevell
Cold but busy with the street stall in KB and DD!
Thanks @Examiner for backing #goCosmo he won the public vote at #WesinsterDog http://t.co/MaB9CTeD2H
@JAMESTAYLOR79 Hi James there was no storm. The difference is that - roles reversed - we would back their pup cos it's a good cause.
Thank you @OneHappyRower #goCosmo wins public vote at #WestminsterDog http://t.co/9kuHrMnkHZ
Thank you @lizgreenlive #goCosmo wins the public vote at #WestminsterDog http://t.co/X0ojGFZiBv
Thank you @itvcalendar #goCosmo wins the public vote at #WestminsterDog http://t.co/XGQmObXlyE
Thank you @louisemartin25 #goCosmo wins public vote at #WestmindterDog http://t.co/etWE8JgVpC
Thank you @BBCLeeds #goCosmo wins public vote at #WestminsterDog http://t.co/tkX6Iax3OJ
Thanks @ThePulseOfWY #goCosmo wins public vote at #WestminsterDog http://t.co/f4zViJph37
Thank you @Yorkshire post #goCosmo wins public vote at #WestminsterDog http://t.co/Wm6jXC0S1F
Thank you @GaleyLad #goCosmo wins public vote at #WestminsterDog http://t.co/wnjt8PXyCD
Thank you @YCCCDizzy #goCosmo wins public vote at #WestminsterDog http://t.co/t7kQvBeCZO
Thank you @harrylooknorth #goCosmo wins public vote at #westminsterdog http://t.co/kOjk6muXZY
Thank you to everyone who backed #goCosmo a brilliant effort saw him win the public vote #WestminsterDog http://t.co/OqGVDni4ih
Cosmo wins public vote #goCosmo !!!! http://t.co/HTQZ1wbBUf
Doing the tunnel #goCosmo #WestminsterDog http://t.co/mUXLN9YdWy
Waiting for the judges! #goCosmo #WestminsterDog http://t.co/51EWPub6z9
Thanks for support for #goCosmo from constituents of all political persuasions. Weird to see few oddballs trying to politicise #getoutmore
....and everyone for getting the responsible ownership message to nearly 350,000 followers #goCosmo #WestminsterDog http://t.co/1za9w4ErZq
...@ThePulseOfWY @BBCLeeds @louisemartin25 @itvcalendar @lizgreenlive @yorkshirepost @WilliamJHague..... http://t.co/jqVWeJpqQy
#goCosmo #WestminsterDog Thank you to great Yorkshire chums @Welcome2Yorks @harrylooknorth @YCCCDizzy @GaleyLad ..... http://t.co/yk0xk6CIAU
Great @yorkshirepost now backing message. Responcible dog ownership now to 330,000 people #goCosmo #WestminsterDog http://t.co/zudEdwm7aA
@Adrian_Pearson thank you Adrian that's just the job
Thanks all on UCC South for spreading the message, Devon's far but the Caymen Islands - wow! #goCosmo #WestminsterDog http://t.co/SWhmBupedR
Another Yorkshire institution backing responsible dog ownership - thanks @WilliamJHague  #goCosmo #WestminsterDog http://t.co/2AP7tMgCxk
The little fella promoting having dogs chipped for @DogsTrust - serious point to #WestminsterDog #goCosmo http://t.co/SKzV3rRqhy
Thanks @itvcalendar backing responsible dog ownership #goCosmo #WestminsterDog Takes us thru 1/4 million to 275000+ http://t.co/41NhXW8scS
Thank you @ThePulseOfWY for backing responsible dog ownership #goCosmo #WestminsterDog message now gone to 230,000! http://t.co/30eUqO6FM2
Thank you @harrylooknorth for backing responsible dog ownership #goCosmo #WestminsterDog http://t.co/N6GrfyzNdJ
Thank you @Welcome2Yorks for pushing responsible dog ownership message #goCosmo #WestminsterDog http://t.co/BPXIvOBs82
Thanks @BBCLeeds backing #goCosmo @WestminsterDog - ownership message now to over 215,000 (can we get 1/4 million?) http://t.co/wSo52iCUrA
Looking forward to discussing responsible dog ownership on BBC Radio Leeds with @lizgreenlive tomorrow at 0850 #goCosmo @WestminsterDog
@Welcome2Yorks join @harrylooknorth @YCCCDizzy @GaleyLad so dog care message to 190,000+ #goCosmo @WestminsterDog http://t.co/g8iOqMj72s
@louisemartin25 please do!
Sorry 1 or 2 can't spot a cross-party non-political dog welfare campaign even when it's sitting in front of them wagging its tail!!
Thanks @harrylooknorth @GaleyLad @YCCCDizzy for sending good dog ownership message to 110,000 people #goCosmo http://t.co/IPKDIErGJV
http://t.co/KVc4JIwBAn
Big thank you to @GaleyLad for backing #goCosmo
Yorkshire's only entry needs your vote http://t.co/xl7mLmW2VD
Busy in KB and DD, now moving the street stall down to Scissett.
http://t.co/KVc4JIwBAn
Thank you very much @harrylooknorth for backing #goCosmo Yorkshire's only entry!! http://t.co/ZfVz0WPKpn
#goCosmo worth a flutter @paddypower at 10-1 with big names coming out in support tomorrow and over the weekend!
#GoCosmo at 10-1 with @paddypower
Big thanks to @YCCCDizzy for supporting #goCosmo for Westminster Dog of the Year http://t.co/KsdOoKZuxf
#goCosmo heading for BBC Leeds local news website. Vote at http://t.co/KVc4JIwBAn http://t.co/pPqgo0cgK3
@khalljourno Of course!
Big thanks to @Welcome2Yorks backing #goCosmo for Westminster Dog of the Year run by @DogsTrust and @KCLovesDogs http://t.co/8CCfb2opm5
Back Cosmo #goCosmo at http://t.co/X3XWJZPLi8
Warm sunshine and warm welcome, thank you Emley.
Pleased that people of all faiths stopped to condemn IS and to support the RAF. The unanimous feeling of people from every community.
Busy street stalls in rain (Mirfield) wind (Ravensthorpe) and shine (Dewsbury)!!
After 6 hours in the chamber gave v abridged speech to let all speakers have at least a minute! Full speech will be on website.
Cool breeze but warm reception in Lepton!
Scissett street stall then a really nice event - Denby Ladies' 50th Anniversary celebration. Thank you for such a warm welcome.
Busy in KB and DD with a lot of support for English laws to be determined by English MPs.
Labour already bleating about the idea of treating England and Scotland equally - predictable but still disappointing!
Erm actually Mr Brown it's not a promise for you to make and it is contingent on equal arrangements for England.
Over £700 raised for HfH at Sunday's cricket. Thanks again to everyone including @ikramofficial and @harrylooknorth and all at Moorlands CC
V pleased SYPCC finally gone.
Fantastic day at Moorlands CC - match decided on the last ball - great crowd and hundreds raised for HfH - huge thank you to everyone.
Moorlands looking good for today's HfH cricket match - Lords &Commons v Mirfield Select XI. Looking forward to seeing @harrylooknorth
Nice reception in Shelley then on to the TRA event at Thornhill Lees.
That post independence negotiation in full - "swap you use of the sub base for use of the £" - "err yeah OK"
South Yorks PCC incapable of distinguishing "easy" decision from "right" decision. Woeful.
Wrong to keep using the word 'panic' regarding the reaction to the referendum polling - panics are better organised!
It's come to something if the Union depends on Gordon Brown.
Pleased to be able to get Lab to change mind and adopt realistic approach to IS @BBCLeeds this morning, have a listen!!
Thanks to everyone for saying hello and for helping in Dewsbury.
Drop more rain at Ravensthorpe!! But generous HfH donations.
Many thanks to @northernballet for a brilliant performance of Dracula @ West Yorks Playhouse. Hope to see our Academy students there one day
Rainy but cheerful at the Mirfield street stall!
However well meaning the initial police intervention, action against King family now completely over the top. Extradition not the priority.
Those with tears on their hands in Rotherham should have the dignity to apologise and go. Attitude of SYPCC is a disgrace.
South Yorks PCC must do decent thing and resign. Nothing to do with politics, all to do with responsibility in public office.
Having a great day at the Mirfield Show, lots of familiar faces and some new ones. Thanks for all the good wishes.
Launching my campaign @MirfieldShow for Westminster Dog of the Year #Cosmo4WDOTY http://t.co/f5531Ti64Y
Really strong response in KB - thanks all
Busy in Scissett then time for a quick picnic with @YorkshireCF (good turn out and tons of food) in the Park before canvassing in KB!
Nice to see a few regulars in DD and brisk business for HfH - thank you.
Quiet at the KB streetstall, now DD and Scissett before the @YorkshireCF picnic!!
Really good 'Meet your MP' in Flockton. Thanks to everyone who came along.
Thank you Earlsheaton History Club for being such a warm audience - some great questions and look forward to seeing you in Westminster.
Thanks to Phil Norman Bill Mark and John for helping to canvass in the sunshine in Shepley and thanks to everyone for such a good response.
Honoured to open the Shepley Memorial Bridge followed by a moving ceremony at the impressive memorial. Good to see so many of all ages.
...and a brilliant and moving exhibition to mark one hundred years since war broke out.
Upper Hopton looking beautiful for the Britain in Bloom judges - best of luck representing Yorkshire...
Congratulations to all involved in the Farnley Tyas World War One Memorial project. A beautiful unveiling ceremony and moving Church Service
Well done @KumonYall really good six a side tournament. Great way to get everyone together. Big thanks to my team - great effort!
Another 0-0 but then fairly beaten 4-0 so no semi-final. Fantastic event well done to all the organisers players and spectators!
Two 0-0 draws mean we are still in with a shout!
Robbed by a dodgy penalty decision in the first match at Kumon Y All's 6 a side tournament in Savile Town!!!!
Interesting meeting with the supermarket developers in Mirfield then a street stall - nice to see everyone.
Wet weather didn't get the better of the Grange Moor Summer Fayre. Fantastic Land of Hope and Glory by the Grange Moor Band.
Busy at the KB and DD streetstalls but mainly rainy in Scissett!!! Thanks team.
At the top of Emley Mast with Emma Brookhouse from Auntie Pam's this years 'Emley's' winner thanks to @arqiva.
Afternoon in the sun in Hanging Heaton with Alan, Mark, Phil and Nick, great team and a great welcome!
Thank you for such a warm welcome in Thurstonland and for such a nice present.
10 out of 10 for the Farnley scarecrows!!!!
Very busy and good points and good ideas from the visitors to today's street stalls in the sunshine in Mirfield Ravensthorpe and Dewsbury.
Thank you to all @IslamDewsbury really enjoyed Iftar at Salfia Centre with great speech by Alyas Karmani and generous hospitality.
Great afternoon with @northernballet watching wonderful dancers from Emley Earlsheaton & Thornhill well done Molly Rebecca & Ellie.
Always nice to spend Armed Forces day at the Old Colonial. Well done Air Cadets, great display.
Well done to all at Roger's on your 50th anniversary and thanks for the cake! A great Mirfield business and one joining 'Heroes Welcome'.
Great refurb and a good pint at the Fox and Hounds on Bennett Lane. Thank you and good luck to the team,
Quiet in Scissett then great feedback canvassing in Birds Edge and more sunshine!! Nice to be joined by James Daly!
Busy and sunny in KB, still sunny and really really generous donation to the campaign fund in DD - thank you!
Stunning fashion and photography at Batley School of Art @kirkleescollege - go and see if you get chance - thank you for a great evening!
Well done all filmmakers at Boothroyd Primary Academy - great film and thanks to Westborough High for hosting this morning!
@DogsTrust 'Pets in the Park' at Crow Nest Park today. Watch out for my microchipped puppy Cosmo with Louise!
Busy at the Honley Show at Farnley Tyas with Alan and Beth (and George who is 100 today)!
Glad for the cover in Ravensthorpe and Dewsbury but still busy under umbrellas in Mirfield - nice to see everyone and big thanks team!
'Heroes Welcome' at the Farnley Cock. Local launch of a great scheme to remind members of the armed forces and families that we care.
Smiled at p4 @thepresslatest - doesn't mention 'confident' Lab reply was 3 days later and after the vote was known - #thoughttheydlost
After 5 years and £7m worth of  inquiry families of those killed in Iraq deserve better than the 'gist' of how it came to happen.
Pity about the rain in Clayton West but great bacon and eggs at the KLR cafe!!
Well done to everyone who fought so well for the Conservatives in the Kirklees elections. Some great results and a good, fair, campaign.
Disappointing that voter intimidation is rearing it's ugly head again. What's wrong with "free and fair" elections?
Thanks to everyone at the Shepley Village Association AGM. Looking forward to coming back for an "Ask your MP" later in the year!
Huge support for Mark Eastwood in Eastborough and Northfields (and hilarious letter from a v rattled opponent!!) looking good!
Well done to everyone at today's Save Mirfield rally. Big crowd - simple message - Kirklees Please Listen
Fantastic to see Upper Denby covered in bunting and full if traction engines and stalls for the air ambulance - come and join in!
Busy in the sunshine in KB and DD!
Thank you to everyone for the warm welcome at Mecca Bingo in Dewsbury. Tax cut means £20K+ already invested here.
Pleased to open the extension to Shelley Village Hall, well done everyone and thanks to Biffa!
Manufacturing for export expanding in Skelmanthorpe. Part of strongest export growth since '99 and in the North of England well done Pennine
Thank you Alan & Barbara fantastic evening, great turn out and HUGE total raised. Alex - great speech!
More sunshine than showers in Chickenley and plenty of support for Mark Eastwood!
Pleased that my push for ADHD provision for those 18+ will see new pathway this year. Thanks North Kirklees CCG.
Muslim and Jewish leaders right to say proper labelling needed for meat products. Transparency always the best way!
ps if you are in another party coming to see what we do stop and say hello and at least try to look like you're enjoying what you're doing!
Great turnout in Mirfield Ravensthorpe Dewsbury & Lower Hopton - thanks to all those helping and all those supporting us!
Thanks for the warm welcome and great food in Eastborough!
Warm welcome and some sunshine in Flockton - thanks team, good session.
Really pleased all excellent Conservative candidates in Kirklees are signed up to 'Keep it clean' campaign. Grown up politics.
Long awaited and very welcome announcement on on-shore wind turbines. Shame LDs blocking implementation staright away.
Warm sunshine and warm welcome in Upper Denby!
Sun out in Scissett!
Nice to see Beth and Mark in DD. some good questions and good suggestions from local residents plus lots of H4H donations.
Coffee from Almond, sun trying to get thru', big H4H donation and lots of fuss for Cosmo - nice to be street stalling in KB!
Well done to organisers of last night's fund raiser for DD library - great night and great total!
Busy streetstalls in Mirfield and Ravensthorpe now in Dewsbury  - usual spot!!!
Good decision not to extend badger culls.
Seen Minister, made point TPE rolling stock cannot go as announced. Needs short term (return stock) and long term (underwrite lease) fix!
Good Men B vaccine announcement. Now need manufacturers to be sensible with price.
Good well thought out budget and .....interesting response!!
Sunshine in Scissett. Thanks to the team (Alan, Jim and Phillip) and for the good wishes!
New support at DD, thank you, now to Scissett!
Breezy but busy KB streetstall, now to DD!!
Thanks from Blacklist Support Group much appreciated. Despicable practice and glad to have played a part in exposing it!
Pleased that SAC pushing blacklisting issue - report out this week!
Radio Leeds 0825 tomorrow to discuss IRP announcement!
IRP endorses Mid Yorks plans - see my website for details.
Dewsbury street stall then delivering in Mirfield. Over 9,000 leaflets out today. Huge thanks to CF, members and volunteers!
Very generous donations to H4H at Ravensthorpe street stall. Thank you.
Amazing turnout this morning, 30 volunteers out and about and delivering all day plus a busy Mirfield street stall. Thanks all!!
Busy street stall in KB DD & Scissett and welcome to another new T2015 volunteer Nicholas. Good reception canvassing in Highburton!
Good questions from the team at Dewsbury TV - see on-line!
Will be guest on the Politics Show on BBC1 tomorrow morning!
Pleased to arrange for local builder with good plan employing local sub contractors to be supported by Barclays. This is how it should work!
Thank you to the guide Dogs' Team. Incredible experience to be led blindfolded by Pip. People who rely on dog or cane are so courageous.
Come and say hello at today's street stalls in KB, DD and Scissett!
Thanks for a warm welcome at Mecca Bingo in Dewsbury and for letting me call a game!
Really Pleased to join Dr Stone to start the digging for the new £800,000 paediatric assessment centre at Dewsbury Hospital.
Great Q&A with all the young people at In House in Ravensthorpe. Great questions and looking forward to seeing you in Parliament.
Come and say hello to me and the team at today's street stalls in Mirfield, Ravensthorpe and Dewsbury. Ignore the rain - we are!!!!
Early surgery in Skelmanthorpe then street stalls in KB, DD and Scissett. Thanks for all the Xmas good wishes and to everyone who helped out
Well done the Reporter team. Really nice carol service at the Minster. Hope you raised a good total!
Great meeting with Lord Sheikh and members of the CMF. Nice to see lots of new volunteers as well as more familiar faces.
Thank you for all the festive good wishes at today's street stalls. Really busy and big thanks to all the team.
Ignore the rain and come and say hello at today's street stalls!
Thanks to the best part of 200 people for ignoring the rain and coming to tonight's meeting.
Very pleased with today's AS. Been pushing for business rates help and GO more than delivered.
Pleased that Gloucestershire badger cull called off - right decision.
Good meeting with Eric Pickles about the problems caused by Kirklees LDF failure. Should have some info next week.
Thanks to everyone on yesterday's team - Phil, Mark, Andrew, Bill, Norman and Alan. Good reception on the doorstep and much delivering done!
Thanks if you were one of the many visiting and helping at the street stalls.
Street stalls today in KB DD and Scissett. Come along and bring a question or an issue (0930, 1050 and 1200).
With 2 world class Dewsbury companies new jobs turnover up 36%£1m+ order this week-media please note far more to local economy than burgers!
Funeral of Harold Percival well deserved and shows decent side of Britain.
So good to see so many turn out in Dewsbury and Mirfield especially the veterans and so many children.
If you can attend a service tomorrow please do. If you can't then explain the day to someone who doesn't know why we remember. Or do both.
Thanks to everyone who came to and helped at today's street stalls. Nice to have real conversations with genuine people.
Street stalls today in Mirfield, Ravensthorpe and Dewsbury. Come and say 'Hi'.
Pleased part of the badger cull is over - poor science behind it.
At least opposition paused with the politics and backed HS2. Pity major project like this not treated responsibly by them throughout.
Unnecessary slur on consultants by opponent in this morning's radio debate on hospital. BBC have apologised for letting it go unchallenged.
Have a look at my HS2 piece in today's Yorkshire Post!
Proud to have been part of SASC exposure of blacklisting. The Worker's Compensation Scheme must be made to work quickly and fairly.
Thanks to the team for helping at the three street stalls and today's canvassing and thank you to everyone for the positive responses!
Worrying for a moment in Shepley but Sizzling Wok is same person as Team Bo so still great take away!!!
Yesterday evening was an amazing experience. To represent Dewsbury at Buckingham Palace and be able to chat to HM The Queen - just amazing!
Disappointed that New Clauses I put my name to in order to even out extradition will not be debated in ABCP bill. Will keep trying.
Quality of debate from left up to historic levels!!
Party that sent 2000 reservists to Iraq when they weren't fully trained now thinks not spending all the money all the time is bad management
Last Labour Health Sec threatens to sue after suggestion he knew what was going on when he ran NHS #LabourNHScouldntmakeitup
Mid Staffs, patients without water, crippling PFI projects with years to run, thousands of unnecessary deaths, gagging orders = Labour's NHS
Who to trust on healthcare - consultants who are saving lives as we speak or a bunch of councillors who can't even put an LDF together. Hmmm
Looking forward to Radio Leeds 8am tomorrow talking about Dewsbury hospital.
Thank you to everyone involved in WDOTY especially Kennel Club & Dogs Trust. See tonight's Calendar. http://t.co/ndQgf6yVHi
Harry with new toy 'Red Ed'!!! http://t.co/lzH7TuKR6n
On the podium! Well done Harry! http://t.co/45HSItWKJp
Second place for Harry - thanks for all the support. He is delighted!!!!! Pics to follow!
Harry with new toy 'Red Ed'!!!! http://t.co/CsF98U4fqR
With George waiting to start!!! http://t.co/OQirnif7TE
Harry busy doing media!!
Here is missing apostrophe from "in-laws   MP"    '      #apolsforaposerror
New Minister Nikki Morgan saying 'Go Harry Go' (in-laws MP so wise move Nikki!!!)
Shelbrook going on Radio Leeds to promote 'Maggie' for WDOTY - come on BBC, equal airtime for all candidates!!!
Party Chairman backing Harry - thanks Grant!!
Just to reiterate - any specific questions re policy etc to http://t.co/3QTvK6umSg@parliament.uk for full answer. Thanks.
Eric Pickles, Graham Brady, Nigel Adams, Jason McCartney, Dominic Raab and Richard Drax all saying "Go Harry"!!
Michael Gove, James 'Referendum Bill' Wharton and Craig Whitaker now supporting Harry!! http://t.co/APlcngvLwx
Thanks to Fiona Bruce, Zac Goldsmith, Graham Evans and Karl McCartney - all voting for Harry!!
Busy stalls - thanks to everyone who called by.
Street stalls tomorrow, Mirfield, Ravensthorpe and Dewsbury. Call and say hi!!
Good questions at Clayton West, hope to arrange some more evenings soon.
Tonight's 'Meet your MP' is at the D&J Club, Church Lane Clayton West from 7pm.
Come along and bring a question!!
Radio Leeds at 1240ish on the importance of green spaces.
After busy street stalls really good Susan Brown exhibition in Birds Edge - last day go and see.
Street stalls tomorrow @ KB (0930) DD (1050) and Scissett (1200). Hope to see you there!!M
Thanks to a great audience at Flockton school. Really enjoyed the evening!
Hmmm tonight's early evening TV choice, affable but over promoted clown...or Homer Simpson!!!
'Question Time' @ Flockton School starting at 7pm tonight
Got any Qs? Bring them to tomorrow night's 'Meet your MP' Q and A. Flockton school @ 7.30pm
10/10 for the company the breakfast and the questions at St Michael's Emley this morning!!
Looking forward to being the guest at tomorrow's Monthly Breakfast @ St Michael's Emley .
Really good visit by Michael Gove to Castle Hall. MFG and Shelley Heads there also. Pupils a real credit to the school.
Friday 13th and overhead power lines down on outskirts of London. Sitting on a train that has done 3 miles in an hour!!!!
Looking forward to welcoming Michael Gove to a school that is now safe from local authority closure threats because he made it an academy.
Anyone like to seriously suggest Syrian offer to hand over chemical weapons is not because of the line taken by US?
Many thanks to the canvassing team for this afternoon but even bigger thanks to everyone in Thornhill for such a positive response.
Thank you if you came down to the street stalls. Lots of issues national and local. Just what the stall is for!!!!
Come and raise anything of concern at tomorrow's street stalls. Mirfield 0930, Ravensthorpe 1050, Dewsbury 1200.
10/10 so far for Mr Mitchell and his team!!
Interesting correlation between some pretending tonight's bill is unfair and those refusing to stop the most basic unfairness in Syria
Vote against for 1 of 3 reasons Against in principle (OK) Against cos of Iraq (didn't understand) and Score a political point (disgrace)!
Going home on East Coast - great reminder of the need to get on with privatisation!! More trains please Grand Central!!
How on earth do we get to a situation where after parliament is recalled there is no motion from anyone to protect children from nerve gas
Issue nothing to do with civil war and all to do with whether we do something or nothing after chemical weapons used on civilians.
Very impressive apprentice scheme at Richard Alan Engineering - more international manufacturing in Dewsbury.
If you missed Radio Leeds this morning try 'listen again' for discussion about Syria from just after 8.
Come along to tomorrow night's 'Meet your MP' in Lepton. Details on the website!
Well done BOLT - great campaign and right result!
Thanks to everyone who came to yesterday's street stalls and to today's stand at the Mirfield Show. Two more really good days.
Easy link to back Harry!! http://t.co/rsdhqjrxDP
Launching Harry's campaign for WDotY. Vote at http://t.co/Fo1Bm869SU http://t.co/IwFEOoT5cj
Come and say hello at the Mirfield Show. Good forecast and great show. We are facing the main ring. http://t.co/c2IDDDrQv1
Official launch of Harry's campaign for Westminster Dog of the Year 2013 at tomorrow's Mirfield Show! http://t.co/bUqOv4JDDm
Come and say hello at one of today's street stalls in KB, DD and Scissett!
Well done to protesters in Farnley Tyas as turbine plans withdrawn. With BOLT tomorrow at 6pm looking for same result.
Sunny and busy at the Emley Show!
Busiest ever street stalls in Mirfield Ravensthorpe and Dewsbury now to Emley Show!
Thanks to everyone who came to the meeting at the Walker Welfare Centre - time for people's voices to count.
Well done all behind the new Shepley website - have a look at http://t.co/9xjKE3u8WP
Huge well done to Kirkwood Hospice fantastic new facilities and good luck for Wednesday!
New times 'cos new street stall tomorrow. KB 0930 DD 1050 then outside Tesco in Scissett from about Midday. Come and say hello!
Fantastic evening up Emley Mast for the Emley's - well done Harry and thanks to Hannah Neil and David, watch on Calendar over the weekend!
Looking forward to speaking in tonight's Trident debate.
Very interesting Scottish select committee. Trying to get to the bottom of UK construction industry blacklisting.
Back on Radio Leeds 0805 tomorrow. This time so called bedroom tax!
Pleased to deal with issue of benefits cap on Radio Leeds. Back their on Wednesday at 0805!
Up at Dewsbury Moor with the World Cup! http://t.co/BvR0oTdsm4
At Shaw Cross with THE RL World Cup. Up to Dewsbury Moor next. http://t.co/qy5PCHiH4L
Looking forward to the Air Cadets' Parade in Mirfield then taking the RL World Cup to Shaw Cross and Dewsbury Moor - come and see the trophy
New streetstall location and times: Mirfield 0930, RAVENSTHORPE near Morrisons 1045, Dewsbury Midday. Come and say hi!
Really good side of people came through yesterday with the litter pick, the veterans' badges and the Priests / Imams  football.
Veterans coming to Old Colonial tomorrow for service and presentation at midday. Come and show your appreciation for what they did for us
Well done dewsbury's Richard Alan Engineering getting manufacturing licence from BASF for water treatment applications in Europe.
Don't forget tomorrow's Imams v Priests football match. Kick off in Savile Town @ 2pm!!
Proud to wear Dewsbury Moor ARLFC tie when speaking in today's debate in Parliament.
Thank you to everyone who made today's Help for Heroes cricket match such a success. Will post the total raise as soon as its worked out.
Twenty four hours to the 20/20 match at Shelley!
Pleasure to meet children from Shepley First School on their trip to Parliament. Really good questions and lots of smiles!
Vincent Regan (Troy, 300, Spooks and many more movies and TV) confirmed for cricket at Shelley CC this Sunday start 2 pm for @HelpforHeroes!
Olympic rower Alex Storey now confirmed for cricket at Shelley week today!!
Thank you University of York Tories for such a good night. Louise and I enjoyed meeting you all and thank you for my tie!!
See you tomorrow at the Kirkburton Street stall, the Denby Dale street stall or the Shelley Fete!
Delighted that Ashley Metcalfe is playing in my charity cricket match at Shelley on June 23!
Rugby league legends Ikram Butt and Alan Hunte confirmed to play at my charity cricket at Shelley on June 23rd!
Thank you if you nominated a 'local hero' for the 'Emley's'. Ceremony will be at top of mast and lots of great candidates!
Update on charity cricket match Shelley Sunday 23 June: confirm Harry Gration (BBC Look North) and John Shires (ITV Calendar) ) playing!
Correct sort of sentence (18 to 19.5 years) for six who tried to bring terror to Dewsbury. Their actions anti any sort of decency or belief!
Our busiest show so far. Thanks to everyone who came to join, came to help, came to chat and came to support HFH!
Row D Stand 2 @ Honley Show. Come and say hello!
Come and say hello at the stall if you are at the Honley Show tomorrow! Fingers crossed weather looks like being good!
Thanks for the warm welcome and enjoyable tennis on Denby Dale Tennis Club's impressive new courts!
Recommend the 'Oldershaw's Last Charge' if you go to Round Table's beer festival at Mirfield Cricket Ckub!
Go to the art exhibition at the Rosewood Centre, Dewsbury Hospital. Great art and really nice people. Thanks for the water from G & H.
Usual street stall in Mirfield @ 1000 and Dewsbury @ 1135 come and say hello!
Very interesting afternoon with KIMAB at Savile Town Community Centre - thank you gentlemen!
Well done Paul Rose and Rixonway Kitchens in Dewsbury. £7million contract to supply 125,000 units over 3 years!
Thank you Mr Noble and everyone on the Foxroyd estate. Great burgers, amazing views and good people. Who cared about the drizzle!
....eat team!!!
Good to Roger the Ram and Kirk Wood at the opening if Kirkwood Hospice's new Dewsbury shop. Great shop and gr
Independent planning inspector letter published. LDF farce NOTHING to do with 'govt targets'. Too little consultation too much on green belt
Well done Crowlees School Hoppa and brilliant school assembly!
Radio Leeds 0705 tomorrow!!
Well done Examiner for evening of awards. Worthy winners including Mirfield Show. Special award to the Yorkshire Regt a great idea.
Appalling murder in Woolwich rightly condemned by all including representatives of Muslim community.
10 out of 10 for the Thurstonland scarecrows!!!
Thanks for the warm welcome at Emley's Flower Festival - beautiful church and really nice displays.
Rain and midges but fun at Shepley Festival. Come and say hello at tomorrow's street stalls in Kirkburton and Denby Dale!!
Hi @Glynny1967, I will be collecting the bottle later this evening and will get it to you along with the shirt shortly.
Good Politics Show for Sunday,listen to Radio Leeds 0800 tomorrow for views on changes to disability benefits!
Nice to do Look North with Keeley Donovan and team - quick lunch then back to record Sunday's Politics Show.
Thank you to the Dewsbury Association for selecting me as the candidate for 2015. Also for the really kind words - much appreciated.
Emphasising need to guarantee training for expanded TA on ITV's 'Tonight' at 7.30. Labour sent untrained TA to Iraq - never again.
Thank you to all at the South Pennine Boat Club Open Day for such a warm welcome and for the flowers for Louise!
Presented portrait of Hm Queen to Mirfield Town Council before busy Mirfield street stall!
No justification whatsoever for bringing bombs to Dewsbury - EDL demo or not.
See my interview tonight on Calander!
Honoured to be attending St Paul's on Wednesday to pay respects.
Pleased to have been able to contribute to today's debate. Deserved occasion.
If all you remember about the left is that they smashed up a charity shop as they celebrated the death of another human being remember that
Fascinating to watch the news reviews. Correct on Europe and the EU's real ambition, Cold War, Falklands, IRA. Livingstone criticism bizarre
Great team in place to run the Dewsbury Association. Well done Alan, Christophe, Michael and James.
Hear my views of the IPCC's findings re Norman Bettison on Drive Time on Radio Leeds!
Having a pint of Gold brewed in Dewsbury with Paul who brewed it in the Strangers Bar on the day the beer escalator tax was scrapped!
Govt WILL ensure funding for Tour to come to Yorkshire. Yorkshire's conservative MPs have won guarantee, just left the meeting!
Interesting week with R4 and Politics Show interviews on secret courts then ITV for Tonight and then onto Charity Ball at Dewsbury Town Hall
Thank you to everyone from CF who made today's Campaign Day such a success. Really nice to get such positive response on the doorstep!
See my Politeia blog at http://t.co/o80Hcd30
Enjoy!!!
Thank you to everyone who donated enough to fill nearly 50 boxes to send to Afghanistan!
Nick and Louise boxing up all the donations in Mirfield! http://t.co/emrcLGX1
Please bring sweets crisps biscuits socks playing cards nuts etc to today's street stall for Support our Soldiers!
Really positive meeting with religious leaders of many denominations to discuss gay marriage bill. All asking for beliefs to be respected.
Thanks to Sainsbury's for kicking off the donations to the Support our Soldiers collection - any sweets or tins to tomorrow's streetstalls!
Thanks for having me Class 5 Hanging Heaton Junior and Infants!
Pleasure to open the new Sue Ryder mega store in Dewsbury!
3/4 hour with Sec of State on legal implications of same sex marriage for ministers of religion ahead of meeting with m of r tomorrow night!
Out in KB with the street stall and the snow!
Just seen that Yorkshire Post published my full speech from Monday's Crime and Courts Bill debate as an OpEd on Wednesday! Glad they liked!
Arriving at BBC for live phone-in!
Just recorded interview about Dewsbury Hospital for Calender!
Just recorded BFBS interview for Forces Broadcasting.
Listen to my BBC Radio Leeds interview just after 7am tomorrow!
Look out for my article in tomorrow's Yorkshire Post!
Nice to see Christine this morning!
Why is Garnier good in this debate? Because he has read the report. Lesson there perhaps!!
Just done interview with BFBS about military legal system for screening Thursday!
@christopherward email my office and I will forward all the details so you can understand the arguments - everyone agrees its an issue.
@christopherward You may not like the analysis but no-one seriously disagrees about likely challenge. Interplay of A14 and A12. Be objective
@christopherward previous A12 decisions not after legislation to allow marriage regardless of gender. Sometimes good to research then tweet!
Have a look at my piece on ConHome!
Getting ready for the carol service then over the Pennines to speak at the CF dinner!
1200 newspapers delivered today, thanks everyone!
Over £2000 raised last night, well done Jim! Thanks everyone!
Just before the battle bus gets dismantled!!! http://t.co/WGp8Zaq9
Finally got the front fence down in KB good bit of local action!
Just heard Shelley plans withdrawn!
Great Grove acceptance speech. Job done!
Go Grove - everything as planned and completely deserved.
Back out with brilliant Team Grove backing Matthew for PCC. Support everywhere including page 24 of today's 'Sun'.
Good start to Russell Howard on BBC 3 last night - worth a trip to iplayer !!!
See my article on the EU in today's Yorkshire Post!
Street stall in Mirfield and Dewsbury. Hope to see you there!
Suggested must support govt eu budget plan or it goes to QMV - 'give them the wallet or they'll burgle the house' isn't very attractive!!!
Thanks to all who supported George. He didn't win but he was definitely the coolest finalist and he really enjoyed himself!!!!!
Now Brock 2 Defra 0
At the Westminster Dog of the Year Finals with George!!! http://t.co/wOy0sVdw
Brock 1 Defra 0
Good decision by Home Secretary.
@jonathan_pape outside Tesco 1000 until 1130
BBC Radio Leeds interview 0840 then street stalls in Dewsbury and Mirfield, call and say 'hello'.
Correct decision by Chief Constable, hope it isn't undermined by any golden goodbye!
The mobile office is at the Greenwood Centre, Ravensthorpe until 11am. Please go along if you have any questions or concerns for my team.
Good Mid Yorks PCT AGM and nice to hear positive news for Dewsbury hospital!
Well done Ravensthorpe Heritage Project - great exhibition @ Greenwood centre!
@hortweek Could you reply with your email address so that we can discuss this EDM?
Sorry @JojoFantastico I've just seen this. Please email me (http://t.co/hk8eOn0T@parliament.uk) as I don't monitor this every day.
@neville_house Thanks for your question.  To me, Charity means doing something for others.
The mobile office is at the Taleem Centre, Savile Town until 11am today.  Please go along if you have any questions or concerns for my team.
Some really good questions at this week's 'Meet your MP' in Stocksmoor. Come and say hello at today's street stall in Mirfield and Dewsbury!
If you missed the BBC Radio Leeds interview at 1235 try their Listen Again facility!
Thanks to everyone who came to 'Meet your MP' in Flockton. Today's street stalls are in Kirkburton and Denby Dale!
If you have a question, please come along to my next 'Meet Your MP' session at 7pm on Wed 15 August at St James the Great, Flockton.
Final figure from cricket v Emmerdale, £4330 raised for Help for Heroes. THANK YOU everyone!
Good audience and good questions at tonight's 'Meet your MP' @ Upper Hopton!
Thanks to everyone who said 'Hi' at the Mirfield and Dewsbury street stalls and at the Emley Show!
My first Meet Your MP session of the summer is on Wed 8 August from 19.00 at Croft House, Upper Hopton.  Please come if you have a question!
Thank you to everyone who made the charity cricket at KB such a success! Not least the 1000+ who came to watch and cheer!
Watching the cloud pass so the sun can shine on the Commons v Emmerdale cricket 2pm at Kirkburton!
Lords and Commons Cricket Club against ITV's Emmerdale at Kirkburton Cricket Club on Saturday!  2pm start.  All in aid of @HelpforHeroes.
My column for @ThePressLatest now on the website. I deal with #lordsreform and praise the fabulous Thornhill Lees Gala http://t.co/TrI4aIyj
Starting to go up Emley mast!
A great opportunity for budding journalists or any youngsters looking at a career in media. Info for schools/pupils: http://t.co/e6GW1skQ
My take on the Dewsbury Hospital situation. We need to ensure that the hospital continues to provide vital services. http://t.co/60ec7ppl
Please keep safe during this heavy rainfall.  My website has some information and advice: http://t.co/lAlacgWu
Three hours waiting to speak in debate and not reached!!!!
Torch procession could not have been better! Huge crowd, sunshine and smiles. Well done Dewsbury!!
Today marks the start of @carersweek.  This week I hope we can all give something back to those who give so much to help others.
Now looking forward to judging Morris Dancers in Mirfield at 4pm!
Colour coded tent poles in vain - show cancelled!
In the garage colour coding the tent poles in the hope of staying dry tomorrow at the Honley Show!
Well done Shelley First School - great Jubilee celebrations and a pleasure to plant the oak tree!
@TreeTopsCP @risk perhaps better to read what I said in Parliament on Tuesday night!
@TreeTopsCP @risk
Wednesday's speech seems to have had an impact! Today is case work, Jubilee tree planting (Farnley T) and Angels exhibition at Thornhill!
Read about my recent visit to the Kirkwood Hospice shop in Denby Dale as part of the #choosecharityshops campaign at http://t.co/RNsvVO5S
At Carlton Club for launch of Politeia publication 'Freedom, Responsibility and the State'. My piece is Chapter 9!
This week is Dementia Awareness Week - a chance for us all to increase our understanding of dementia. #DAW2012 http://t.co/2HLUk90u
If you missed Radio Leeds at 0810 try their website!
Just filmed "Last Orders" for YTV at 1130 tonight!
@UKScouting Hope all the Scouts are enjoying Scout Community Week. Thank you for taking part in this week of community action! #scw
Busy street stalls in Mirfield and Dewsbury. Good to reassure about future of plant after visit to Dow yesterday.
Back on the streets with John in DD and now Mark in Dewsbury East! Clayton West blisters kicking off from last night's leafleting!!!
In Barnet for Boris, no sheep farms but tons of support!!
On the phones at CCHQ with most calls Backing Boris!
Well done Mark Eastwood, when your opponent is that rude you know he's rattled by a proper campaign!
See what you think  of my H of L reform piece on Con Home!
Lively KB QTime! Thanks to all!!
I'm holding my next 'Question Time' event this evening at the Kirkburton Hub, 7:30-9:00pm. All constituents welcome to come along.
Thank's to Partners brewery for the tour! Next time I am on the bus not in the car!
Think 'Daybreak' got the message that that woman does not define this town!
Really enjoyable 'Meet your MP' in Grange Moor tonight. ITV at 6.15 tomorrow morning!
Sorry that they edited the point that the presence of the courts demonstrates one justice system across all communities!
Good Question Time in  Thurstonland. Next week Grange Moor!
Listen to 'Today' on Friday for the interview I have just done!
Thank you Rosewood Centre at Dewsbury hospital for an enjoyable visit - especially to Sheila for the platypus!!
Some times it's the little things! Need new clips for the street stall and just found a place selling two for £1.50!
Well done DD tennis club! Enjoyed presenting cheque for £50,000!
Thanks " Mammas and Pappas" great to see all that you do!
Well done Hopton Care Cottages-really impressed!
Getting ready for street-stalls in Mirfield and Dewsbury then canvasing in Shepley - in the snow?
Saturday morning street stall tomorrow. Mirfield 10.00-11.15am (outside Tesco) and in Dewsbury 11.30-1.00pm, Foundry Street. Come say hello!
Thanks to the staff at Denby Dale and Skelmanthorpe Children's Centre for the welcome this afternoon.
It's over 15 years since I walked around what was Belsen camp.The experience has never left me and I particularly remember it today #HMD2012
With George O to promote HS2 and electric transpennine trains into the West Riding!
Time to stop wind turbines until they are safe in high winds!
Good to get positive coverage for Dewsbury in today's Financial Times interview!
Thanks to Royal Mail for a really interesting visit to the Dewsbury sorting office.
Just done interview for Calendar on ITV for this evening re Church Commisioners!
Thanks for all the good messages following YP article and BBC Leeds!!
Olympic torch to Dewsbury 25 June 2012!
Enjoying Help for Heroes day at Huddersfield Town!
Really nice lunch with Mirfield Ladies then Skelmanthorpe surgery!
Good questions from students at MFG!
Well done to the nearly 600 who turned out to say NO to LDF in Chidswell! Brilliant effort.
EU debate has produced largest number of non-generic emails so far. Not one against the motion!!!
Thanks Castle Hall for an interesting meeting and nice lunch!
...enjoyed good DC speech. Watch my reaction on BBC!
Interesting interview with the BBC about Home Sec's speech!!
Four a.m. was probably not the best idea! Morning coffee with Alan B.
Good meeting in Shaw Cross; let's have an LDF that people actually support!
Thanks to the Shelley College politics students for some good questions; hope you can come to Westminster!
Great fish and chips in Grange Moor between the MacMillan coffee morning in Dewsbury and a visit to Shelley College!
@bikerbid I have a street stall in Denby Dale on 15th October. You can always call my office before then if you need to speak with me?
I am holding a Saturday street stall in Mirfield (outside Black Bull) from 10.00-11.15am and then Dewsbury (Foundry Street) 11.30-1.00pm.
This Friday is my next Shelley Surgery, 3.00-6.00pm. To make an appointment please contact my constituency office on 01924 465008.
@simonjcope it's opposite the Pioneer House building, Northgate. You can't miss it.
@danpeacock Dan, it officially opened on Saturday. Great to see a new business venture open in the town. Go try it.
Well done Nick- great treasure hunt!!
Kirkburton, Denny Dale, rain, Dewsbury, ice cream@igloo & Mount Tabor, next  Volari @ Skelmanthorpe !!!
Very interesting meeting with Tesco execs in Mirfield!
Great day at Mirfield Show, thanks everyone!
Enjoying the company of Rob and Richard at Neil's party!
Sun coming out at a busy Emley Show!
Busy in the Dewsbury office. Do Ed, Nick and Jim work this hard when I am in Westminster?!!!
Sitting in the BBC studio waiting for drive time!!!
Setting up at the Honley Show!!!!
DC's at No 10!
At the gates of Downing Street waiting for DC PM!!
Out in Mirfield and Dewsbury saying thank you!
Just seen the Labour poster campaign - it's at a house in Skelmanthorpe!!!
Pleased that the twenty of so bullocks who just charged towards us only wanted to see the poster we are putting up!!!
Rain has stopped! Thanks to CF for coming to support the team. Another day of strong support in Dewsbury.
Just had a really good evening with William Hague and about 40 of our volunteers at the home of the Dewsbury Rams!
standing in the rain waiting to go canvass wth CF
Tories  poll top in Kirklees.
is off the the Dewsbury Association AGM
is at the Mirfield Civic dinner
is off to the Town Council meeting in Mirfield to see what can be done about the proposed closure of Castlehall school
is off to the Denby Dale AGM meeting.
is home from watching the Dewsbury Rams beat Carcassonne today. It was cold but good fun.
is hoping the weather stays dry for canvassing tomorrow.
had a great afternoon walking the fox terriers (George and Harry) in Denby Dale and Kirkburton
had a fun day shopping in Dewsbury market and flat hunting in Dewsbury town centre.
is off to the Dewsbury ward AGM meeting.
is glad the sun is shining
thought that the Dewsbury Rams did good today, very enjoyable.
is just about to walk the dogs.
has been canvassing all day and is looking forward to dinner
XX,simonreevell,Simon Reevell,479,52,5
