@StocktonNorth
At sporting volunteers event at Norton sports complex. Amazing event at amazing venue with hundreds of volunteers http://t.co/TrPdQ9zaXj
Visiting war graves in Durham Road cemetery to mark 100 yrs since start of WW1 http://t.co/4VYelfamOR
At magnificent Stockton international riverside festival. The best street arts festival in UK http://t.co/hP0qnDtcrB
With Jess at Children's Society young commissioners' enquiry into poverty #throughyoungeyes http://t.co/uxrtaHjsxS
Pleased to host meeting  to help raise profile of Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis with @Britishlung and meet patients http://t.co/rbvzGmWIEA
@patglass speaking at reception following disabled children care report enquiry she co chaired http://t.co/duKoevz1H1
Delighted to be the Digital Ambassador in the Tees Valley - pictures with David Talbot from E Skills UK http://t.co/wR3jQQsglb
Proud to have presented John Burgess with his Teacher of the Year Award at Northfield school this morning. Congrats http://t.co/n2EA6kg57F
Started my Journey into the Legion at their car facility Lister Hs in Ripon and planted some poppy seeds http://t.co/UudZyvmfV5
With Diane Rickerby, Evaline and Billingham town council chair Ray McCall at new community hub
Don't forget I've moved to @acunninghammp
Don't forget I've moved to @acunninghammp but just nin case you need to know - surgery tongiht at Ragworth neighbourhood centre from 6pm
For future tweets, please follow @acunninghammp Thank you
The attack on democracy by the Tories/LibDems starts Monday. They plan to axe dozens of Labour seats to try and stay in power - we'll see
Just said cherrio to a couple of students Gemma and Alex who've worked in the office over the summer - we need great young people like them
Just cast my vote for David Miliband - he is our prime minister in waiting and best equipped to lead us to an early victory.  Please vote DM
Good luck to everyone getting their A level results today!
Off for a two week break. Both ready for break after a long year running up to the election and since. Cat minder in place so all is good.
Visit to Holme House prison - 1200 people now there and good to see decent family facilities
Another disgrace from the Tory/LibDem government - they've stopped the promotion of the NE tourist industry. More pain for the NE region
Good meeting with environment agency - they see the anhydrite mine dump issue a difficult one - watch this space
Pleasure to present Tristar Homes with the Matrix Award for work with employhee learning and to hear of the important role of unions in it.
Great session with young people from Eastern Ravens Trust - they visit Westminster later in the month
Successful meeting on Anthony Malone still in jail with Afghanistan so major push planned including Trials Abroad team who are excellent
Good news - housing funding money come through to get building underway on north shore in Stockton
Back at Westminster today for meeting with family and lawyers of Anthony Malone still in jail in Afghanistan
Fantastic finalse to Riverside Festival - the drums and fireworks were great fun.  We should all be proud of Stockton Brough Council - I am.
Good meeting with Muslim Council - good speakers on Kashmir and Palestine - we really must do more to help thjose two peoples
Latest polls show LibDem support has collapsed to 12% - still a hung parliament position but Tory right will be keen for an early election
Seen the benefits reform ideas from the Tories and LibDems? Universal benefits and the axe for everything else. They just don't understand
Hansard society has bashed the Government over forcing legislation through without proper scrutiny - its just not democratic
Tories have scrapped the North East's Government office doubtless with more job losses and centralsing in London.They're out to ruin us
Out of the mouths of babes. The Tories/LibDems today axed Children's Trust Funds, the only savings some kids will ever have.OK for the rich
Government stopped their own right wingers in their tracks this morning at 0045 and forced a vote on the Yout Parliament.It will be today
Still in Parliament at 2350 waiting to vote to allow the UK Youth parliament to use the Commons Chamber whilst some tories try to block it.
Tremendous news today. Air Products plans to build a 49MW renewable energy plant near Billingham 50 permanent up to 700 construction jobs.
Anthony Malone campaign to get him out of Afghanistan Jail building up - time the Foreign office did the job and got him out
Great to see so many from schools/teaching unions lobbying parlaiment over cuts to school buildings.Tories and LDs must be held to account
First weekend off - time for friends and family and recharging before attack on Tories over Academies Bill on Monday
Great to see 38 members at constituency event - real anxiety over effect of Tory polices on our community
Morrisons employ more than 600 people in my constituency at their depot - great to see their operation and meet many of the employees.
Good to visit old hunting ground at Gazette in M'bro - agreed with MD newspapers have key role in opinion forming and community leadership
Meeting with Lady Cobham, Chair of Visit England. Pushed Riverside and Billingham Festivals for support and profile.  She may visit in 2011.
Good to see colleagues from Museum, Libraries and Archives Council - they've a fight on their hands to protect the sector from the Tory axe.
Met Barclaycard managers - no guarantee the jobs they plan to transfer to a third party will not be exported to Inida.  Not good news.
Met the group working to stop the trafficking of young people for sexual exploitation - I plan to get involved with their work.
Congratulations to Stockton Borough council for yet more success with another top Customer Excellence Award
Meeting Barclaycard management tomorrow to discuss their transfer of Stockton staff jobs to an agency and then who knows - India perhaps?
Tory and LibDem gang voted out a proposal to delay VAT rise to protect the elderly and charities.  They're all right wing Tories now.
Just got the Cleveland figures - £1.3m from this year's budget. The Tories and their LibDem friends hitting front line battle against crime
Just seen figures on Tory/LibDem police cuts - £125 million this year - within the next nine months. bye bye beat thousands of beat bobbies
A series of late votes tonight on the VAT rise - we want to protect pensioners and charities from the impact - LibDems to vote with Tories!
Police in the firing line tomorrow - hundreds will have to go under Tory LibDem plan to cuts £tens of millions from this year's budgets.
Good breakfast meeting on personal debt - The Co-op Bank leads the way (with Braclays) giving bankrupt people good financial services.
Another late night sitting ahead - Tory MP missed the vote last week because he was drunk - he was very embarrassed www.
Health white paper. The coalition are determined to dismantle/privatise the NHS - I asked for waiting list guarantees - there will be none
Sunday - BBQ for young members from Stockton North and South - good to encourage them - they are our future and they know their politics
Saturday saw 3rd annual wine night fundraiser - good to see so many people but it would have ben good to see a few more.Made a profit though
Very quiet surgery at Willows Centre on Portrack - no visitors but good to talk to the staff and share ideas for activities and fundraising
Visited KP factory at Billingham - fascinating process, great company providing real jobs.  They make all the UK's McCoy's criisps.
Good briefings today from Age UK, The Lottery (bags of cash available) Equality and Human Rights Commision and British Legion.
Nearest thing to an all night sitting - but the LkibDems made sure the Tories had enough votes to put VAT up to 20%.  Shame on them all
Met Child Poverty Action Group.Tory speech on tackling poverty and cutting benefits.They'll doom 100s of 1000s more to poverty v soon.
Congratulations to Teesside University on their 80th birthday.  They are one of the best
Yesterday led adjournment debate on the new hospital - The Tories don't care about people.  Same day they ditched our new schools.
Time to head for the station - busy day ahead at the constituency office tomorrow.  The team are really doing the business now
Got the question in - but no confirmation of LibDem promise to spend £400m to redevelop shipyards - they are clearly all just Tories now
Preparing for adjournment debate on funding for our new hospital (Monday) - I hope a new way can be found to pay for it, we really need it
Due to question the government on investment plans for "green" jobs and adapting shipyards to deliver them - LibDems promised help!
Early morning interview on BBC Radio Tees on Building Schools for the Future.  I only hope the government don't ditch them like the hospital
Great to see the young people from Teesside today getting youth awards - fixed it for them to meet Dame Judy Dench. They loved her.
Got last question at Health questions today - Government seem to be saying they may support a new approach.  Must keep the pressure up.
Back to Westminster today - meeting to discuss Tory decision to axe our hospital - only one to be cancelled - NE an easy hit for Tories.
Sorry to have been missing - Better service to be resumed soon - offices and flat now settled so expect more messages soon.
Back home in the constituency after three days in London - hope to announce new office address today - know I must keep twitter up to date
Thank you everyone who voted Labour and encouraged others to do so in Stockton North. I won't let you down as I serve as your MP
Sustained recovery, great public services, low interest rates, family support - or huge cuts, massive unemployment etc - best vote Labour
It was great to meet so many people in Stockton Town Centre who are loyal to the Labour Party - great support for me and Dari Taylor
Time for the Tories and LibDems to come clearn on working tax credits.Its hardworking familes they'll hit hard - so much for rewarding work.
Great reception from parents taking children to Frederick Nattrass school today. They know how Labour has backed families - many votes cast
Had a good time with the students of Stockton sixth form college - good questions and strong opinions - high level of interest
Fourth school gate visit in 30 hours - parents worried about loss of funding for education and families - they like Labour's family agenda
The BNP may have dropped the Marmite logo - now they insult our dead service people of several wars by using their memorials.  Sickening
Tories are to end free nursery provision by allowing nursery managers to impose fees. Its OK if you have bags of cash - what about the rest?
Cameron' admits in interview with Paxman - the Tories will devastate public spending in the NE and thrown tens of thousands out of work
Glad to get a few minutes with the Home Secretary this afternoon to speak up for a friend facing deportation
#ForTheRecord #leadersdebate: Change We See - Labour achievements since 1997 http://tinyurl.com/269szfz    see this too
#ForTheRecord #leadersdebate: Our Journey - Labour's Party Election Broadcast http://tinyurl.com/2fmjosz   Wow what a broadcast - see it now
The Tories plan an emergency budget on 24 June - see www.daily-news.org.uk and find out what it could mean for our country
Over 70 prominent economists published a Times letter warning that Cameron's rapid cuts would risk putting Britain back into recession
Interesting polls in Sun's daily poll : T36, L33, LD 21 - quite different from debate.
Debate - Alan Johnson right - Clegg won on style, Brown on substance.  Hague right that Libs' policies now face deep scrutiny.  They need to
Have a look at this - VIDEO: David Cameron forgets his lines | Same Old Tories: http://bit.ly/ctuy4e via @addthis
Tory manifesto - fox hunting, privatised schools and health, do it yourself services, tax bonuses for the rich, deep cuts - same old Tories
Download a copy of the Labour Party manifesto at : http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/bsp/hi/pdfs/12_04_10_labour_manifesto.pdf
Had a great morning in Billingham - people there are really loyal to Labour and it was great to see so many well wishers of all ages
Campaigning in Billingham Town centre at 1000 - meet at the bandstand.
Labour manifesto day today - sounds measured with no big spending promises as we work to protect the economic recovery
Great work by my team today - dozens of garden billboards in place on key routes - we don't have the Tory millions but we've a keen team
Joined David Milliband on the campaign trail - a joint letter from him and I on foreign affairs will be going out in parts of Stockton North
Campaigning in Stockton Town Centre tomorrow - meet Dovecot Street 1030 if you'd like to join us
Our former MP has confirmed he'll stand against Labour - WE can be confident Stockton North people will remain loyal to the Labour Party.
Cameron says review body should restrict top public sector workers have pay restructed to 20 lowest paid.  What about private sector?
Health firm which backs Tories would benefit from cuts in the NHS - see the Guardian today: http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics
Been in touch through BT website 10 days ago over building eyesore in Norton - e-mail acknowledged then ignored.  They don't seem to care
Tories say Sure Start will be for only deprived and dysfunctional families yet say they'll protect them.Will they keep all ours?  Ask them.
A clear meswsage from Gordon Brown  "Britain is on the road to recovery and nothing we do should put that recovery at risk."
Gordon Brown at the Palace - 6 May - the date of CHOICE - Labour with an agenda fair for all or the Tories bent on unaffordable tax cuts
The site for the new hospital will be officially opened at Wynyard tomorrow afternoon at 4pm - a first step to a world class hospital
When the Tories are in doubt they promise tax cuts - they must be mad if they think they can deliver that and not devastage pubic services
Tories plan to stop NI increase and will pay for it by cancelling capital projects -  they'll slash and burn health, education & investment
Now all party Commons Committee says Sure Start Children's Centres should be retained - contrary to Cameron's plan to axe the buolk of them
Tories say they'll reverse national insurance rise costing £7 billion, and save bus passes and winter fuel payments - so what will they cut?
nearly 10000 pensioners across the Stockton Borough benefit from the Government's pension credit - 5300 in Stockton North - a major help
Great Regional Select C'ttee report on tourism - investment by Government and private sector worth £4 billion a year and 60000 jobs
Just put out 500 newspapers in Town Cetnre area east of Bowesfield Lane - now part of Stockton North.  not many locals know of the change.
A good Budget - some stimulus for housing and business but no unsustainable bribes for the electorate.  Tory response - deep cuts now
Brilliant Britain was the words used by Eddie Izzard for the coutnry that raised £29 million with Sports Relief - nothing broken there then
Shame our new hospital didn't get the big front page headlines it deserved - we have great hospitals - this one will be world class
Fantastic news - Andy Burnham has just announced our new  hospital.  More later.
Electric cars to be built at Sunderland - great news for the NE safeguarding or creating hudnreds - maybe more jobs for the Region
Has a great time at Bede Sixth form Question Time with the students and other young people - grat to see them engaged in politics
Good news un unemployment - figures show a drop of 33,000 for the month.  A positive move but slow recovery needs to be protected
It is time for the people of Billingham to make their views known on the proposal to dump waste in the anhydrite mine. The application is in
Ashok Kumar was one of the most decent and hardest working people, nevermind MPs I have ever met.  What a loss
Opening the Risk Taking Behaviour Roadshow today - the team is working really hard to get the message across on everything from drink to sex
Did the Politics Show live in Newcastle yesterday - reminded everyone of the tories being censured for misleading the public in crime stats
Thecourts have ruled against the BNP constitution - hurrah
PMQT - Gordon pointed out Cameron was still at school when he claimed he won the Cold War - Tory Liam Fox said they messed up. how honest!
The planning application to dump waste in the Billingham anhydrite mine is now in.  Local people need to make their views known asap.
The Tories are taking up nationalisation.  Michael Gove proposes nationalising private schools - is that because 30 have closed in 2 years?
Good result in N Ireland despite the UUP - the assembly voted overwhelmingly for the devolution of police and jsutice powers.  Good result.
Good stuff about crime and anti social behaviour from Alan Johnson today.  Update on my web site www.stockton-north.com
Delegation of police and law powers to the N Ireland Assembly are critical.  Even Tories tried to help but have no influence over unionists
Now even the Telegraph are putting the boot in on Ashcroft - they allege he may have avoided paying £2 million tax on his Tory donatons.
Heard Bisdale Hunt are trying to get their members on the streets of Ingelby Barwick supporting James Wharton - I wonder if he supports them
Polls today show a shift to Labour in key marginals - see http://www.leftfootforward.org/2010/03/poll-trends-suggest-labour-victory/
Question of the day - should a billionaiore Tory Lord who doesn't pay tax in this country be involved in making British laws?  Ashcroft is.
Now Hague is getting bashed over his friend Ashcroft. We still need to know how much of the tax exile's cash is being spent in Stockton.
Tories getting a good going over in the papers over Ashcrofts millions. Local Tories should tell us how much he is spending in our area.
Just heard Lord Ashcroft has confirmed his tax status - he doesn't live here but his millions are funding the Tory Party. disgraceful
The media seems far from impressed with Cameron's spring conference speech - see the quote from the financial times below
FT quote: If he had spent less intellectual energy on memorising the speech, he might have remembered to say something fresh and inspiring."
Tremendous support for the RDA from NECC members though they did say the bureaucracy is a problem
Off to speak to NE Chamber of Commerce for Labour - be interesting to see if they back the Regional Development Agency - the Tories don't.
Latest poll has a 5 point Tory lead but Labour with most seats - the more they're called to account the more their lead slips.
Tory and LibDem councils are cutting thousands of jobs when the Government have given above inflation cash increases for 13 years.  Why?
More anguish for the Tories. The International Monetary Fund says Labour have it right on the economy and Tory cuts = deeper recession
Visit my web site for daily news updates on the widest range of topics from the Government.  www.stockton-north.com
Scrutiny of the Tories continues to show their weaknesses.  Latest two polls show their support has crumbled to a six and seven points.
Stockton Borough Mayor's dinner and dance tonight - Paul Kirton has been a great Mayor and Mary a great Mayoress - big hit in the community
More on Tory statistical crimes - will Dari's opponent in Stockton South now apologise for misleading local people in a glossy leaflet ?
‘Lies, damn lies and Tory crime statistics’ - that's the Independent's view of their latest debacle - Grey Grayling must go
Off to awards event for young people tonight - for volunteering. They do great things.  I get fed up with people demonising them.
Cameron's dilemma - who will he sack first - Grayling for misleading on crime figures or his schoolboy pal Osborne for forgetting his sums?
Message of the Tory plan to shut Sure Start Children's Centres getting across - media reports and letters highlighting the risk to children
20000 letters start going out to Stockton North people today featuring pensions, education and health - and how the Tories will ruin them
Cameron on Politics Show - more dithering on the economy - to cut, to cut deep or when to cut - he seems more confused than George Osborne.
More disarray in the tory camp - three front benchers openingly disagreeing wth Cameron on spending, prison ships and elitist teacher plans
Got 17 seconds on the Politics Show on Sunday - got the mesage in that the Tories will privatise much of the health service if they get in
Just sent out a media news release - the Tories have confirmed they'll shut most of our 3000 + Sure Start Children's Centres - do they care?
Stockton North election campaign off to a good start - voters are clearly not enarmoured with the Tories and don't trust them
That snow keeps on coming - but the Council staff are doing a great job and should be congratulated
What a start to the Tories election campaign.  Their first attempt at a budget and its missing billions of pounds.  No credibility.
A new year and for me a new way of communicating with everyone.  I'll do my best to keep the information flowing
Happy New Year
XX,StocktonNorth,Alex Cunningham,166,26,2
